
We shouldn’t have to buy our friends with bad Trade Deals and Free Military Protection!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
No Deal! Trade Talks with Canada Conclude for the Week with No Agreement | Breitbart https://t.co/87vi7OqopY via @BreitbartNews
....Remember, NAFTA was one of the WORST Trade Deals ever made. The U.S. lost thousands of businesses and millions of jobs. We were far better off before NAFTA - should never have been signed. Even the Vat Tax was not accounted for. We make new deal or go back to pre-NAFTA!
Bill DeBlasio, the high taxing Mayor of NYC, just stole my campaign slogan: PROMISES MADE  PROMISES KEPT! That’s not at all nice. No imagination! @foxandfriends
There is no political necessity to keep Canada in the new NAFTA deal. If we don’t make a fair deal for the U.S. after decades of abuse, Canada will be out. Congress should not interfere w/ these negotiations or I will simply terminate NAFTA entirely &amp, we will be far better off...
There is no political necessity to keep Canada in the new NAFTA deal. If we don’t make a fair deal for the U.S. after decade of abuse, Canada will be out. Congress should not interfere with these negotiations or I will simply terminate NAFTA entirely &amp, we will be far better off..
....Donald Trump, and now we find out that there wasn’t even a hearing - that Donald Trump’s 4th Amendment right to privacy was signed away...and someone in there is swearing that this stuff is true, when it wasn’t? This is the scandal here - a police state.”  Dan Bongino
“You have a Fake Dossier, gathered by Steele, paid by the Clinton team to get information on Trump. The Dossier is Fake, nothing in it has been verified. It then filters into our American court system in order to spy on Barrack Obama and Hillary Clinton’s political opponent......
....of the DOJ &amp, FBI are completely out to lunch in terms of exposing and holding those accountable who are responsible for that corruption.” @TomFitton @JudicialWatch
Report: There were no FISA hearings held over Spy documents.”It is astonishing that the FISA courts couldn’t hold hearings on Spy Warrants targeting Donald Trump. It isn’t about Carter Page, it’s about the Trump Campaign. You’ve got corruption at the DOJ &amp, FBI. The leadership....
I love Canada, but they’ve taken advantage of our Country for many years!
“I think today what has happened is that news reporting has become part of the adversary system.” Alan Dershowitz  It has become tainted and corrupt! DJT
Still can’t believe that Bloomberg violated a firm OFF THE RECORD statement. Will they put out an apology?
Great day in North Carolina where Republicans will do very well!
The ABC/Washington Post Poll was by far the least accurate one 2 weeks out from the 2016 Election. I call it a suppression poll - but by Election Day they brought us, out of shame, to about even. They will never learn!
.@Rasmussen_Poll just came out at 48% approval rate despite the constant and intense Fake News. Higher than Election Day and higher than President Obama. Rasmussen was one of the most accurate Election Day polls!
https://t.co/c79zLeREOA
“President Donald J. Trump is Strengthening Retirement Security for American Workers” https://t.co/cKeATuKXDe
Wow, I made OFF THE RECORD COMMENTS to Bloomberg concerning Canada, and this powerful understanding was BLATANTLY VIOLATED. Oh well, just more dishonest reporting. I am used to it. At least Canada knows where I stand!
I will be doing a major rally for Senator Ted Cruz in October. I’m picking the biggest stadium in Texas we can find. As you know, Ted has my complete and total Endorsement. His opponent is a disaster for Texas - weak on Second Amendment, Crime, Borders, Military, and Vets!
Thank you Indiana, I love you!https://t.co/To6s9ViMj1
Throwback Thursday! #MAGA https://t.co/8slzITa1l6
Kevin Stitt ran a great winning campaign against a very tough opponent in Oklahoma. Kevin is a very successful businessman who will be a fantastic Governor. He is strong on Crime &amp, Borders, the 2nd Amendment, &amp, loves our Military &amp, Vets. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
CNN is working frantically to find their “source.” Look hard because it doesn’t exist. Whatever was left of CNN’s credibility is now gone!
Will be going to Evansville, Indiana, tonight for a big crowd rally with Mike Braun, a very successful businessman who is campaigning to be Indiana’s next U.S. Senator. He is strong on Crime &amp, Borders, the 2nd Amendment, and loves our Military &amp, Vets. Will be a big night!
I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Counsel! I liked Don, but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake Reporting and Fake News!
The Rigged Russia Witch Hunt did not come into play, even a little bit, with respect to my decision on Don McGahn!
Wow, Nellie Ohr, Bruce Ohr’s wife, is a Russia expert who is fluent in Russian. She worked for Fusion GPS where she was paid a lot. Collusion! Bruce was a boss at the Department of Justice and is, unbelievably, still there!
I am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of Don McGahn as White House Councel! I liked Don, but he was NOT responsible for me not firing Bob Mueller or Jeff Sessions. So much Fake Reporting and Fake News!
The only thing James Comey ever got right was when he said that President Trump was not under investigation!
Ivanka Trump &amp, Jared Kushner had NOTHING to do with the so called “pushing out” of Don McGahn.The Fake News Media has it, purposely,so wrong! They love to portray chaos in the White House when they know that chaos doesn’t exist-just a “smooth running machine” with changing parts!
Chuck Schumer, I agree! https://t.co/KfoLkQU5Hv
The news from the Financial Markets is even better than anticipated. For all of you that have made a fortune in the markets, or seen your 401k’s rise beyond your wildest expectations, more good news is coming!
I just cannot state strongly enough how totally dishonest much of the Media is. Truth doesn’t matter to them, they only have their hatred &amp, agenda. This includes fake books, which come out about me all the time, always anonymous sources, and are pure fiction. Enemy of the People!
What’s going on at @CNN is happening, to different degrees, at other networks - with @NBCNews being the worst. The good news is that Andy Lack(y) is about to be fired(?) for incompetence, and much worse. When Lester Holt got caught fudging my tape on Russia, they were hurt badly!
The hatred and extreme bias of me by @CNN has clouded their thinking and made them unable to function. But actually, as I have always said, this has been going on for a long time. Little Jeff Z has done a terrible job, his ratings suck, &amp, AT&amp,T should fire him to save credibility!
Watch: Kanye West Says Trump Wants to Be the ‘Greatest President’ for Black Americans https://t.co/ECxTzVNZeG via @BreitbartNews
...charge of the FISA court. He should direct the Presiding Judge, Rosemary Collier, to hold a hearing, haul all of these people from the DOJ &amp, FBI in there, &amp, if she finds there were crimes committed, and there were, there should be a criminal referral by her....” @GreggJarrett
“Ohr told the FBI it (the Fake Dossier) wasn’t true, it was a lie and the FBI was determined to use it anyway to damage Trump and to perpetrate a fraud on the court to spy on the Trump campaign. This is a fraud on the court. The Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court is in......
“Lanny Davis admits being anonymous source in CNN Report.” @BretBaier  Oh well, so much for CNN saying it wasn’t Lanny. No wonder their ratings are so low, it’s FAKE NEWS!
CNN is being torn apart from within based on their being caught in a major lie and refusing to admit the mistake. Sloppy @carlbernstein, a man who lives in the past and thinks like a degenerate fool, making up story after story, is being laughed at all over the country! Fake News
...differences, they will be resolved in time by President Trump and China’s great President Xi Jinping. Their relationship and bond remain very strong.
...of money on joint U.S.-South Korea war games. Besides, the President can instantly start the joint exercises again with South Korea, and Japan, if he so chooses. If he does, they will be far bigger than ever before. As for the U.S.–China trade disputes, and other...
...considerable aid, including money, fuel, fertilizer and various other commodities. This is not helpful! Nonetheless, the President believes that his relationship with Kim Jong Un is a very good and warm one, and there is no reason at this time to be spending large amounts...
STATEMENT FROM THE WHITE HOUSEPresident Donald J. Trump feels strongly that North Korea is under tremendous pressure from China because of our major trade disputes with the Chinese Government. At the same time, we also know that China is providing North Korea with...
How the hell is Bruce Ohr still employed at the Justice Department? Disgraceful!  Witch Hunt!
Consumer Confidence Index, just out, is the HIGHEST IN 18 YEARS! Also, GDP revised upward to 4.2 from 4.1. Our country is doing great!
White House Counsel Don McGahn will be leaving his position in the fall, shortly after the confirmation (hopefully) of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. I have worked with Don for a long time and truly appreciate his service!
Martha McSally is an extraordinary woman. She was a very talented fighter jet pilot and is now a highly respected member of Congress. She is Strong on Crime, the Border and our  under siege 2nd Amendment. Loves our Military and our Vets. Has my total and complete Endorsement!
When you see “anonymous source,” stop reading the story, it is fiction!
“Anonymous Sources are really starting to BURN the media.” @FoxNews The fact is that many anonymous sources don’t even exist. They are fiction made up by the Fake News reporters. Look at the lie that Fake CNN is now in. They got caught red handed! Enemy of the People!
Big Election Wins last night! The Republican Party will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Actually, it is happening faster than anybody thought possible! It is morphing into KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
“Hillary Clinton and the DNC paid for information from the Russian government to use against her government - there’s no doubt about that!” @TuckerCarlson
“The Obama people did something that’s never been done...They spied on a rival presidential campaign. Would it be OK if Trump did it next? I am losing faith that our system is on the level. I’m beginning to think it is rotten &amp, corrupt. Scary stuff Obama did.” @TuckerCarlson  DOJ
Not only did Congressman Ron DeSantis easily win the Republican Primary, but his opponent in November is his biggest dream....a failed Socialist Mayor named Andrew Gillum who has allowed crime &amp, many other problems to flourish in his city. This is not what Florida wants or needs!
“Hillary Clinton clearly got a pass by the FBI. We have the unfortunate situation where they then decided they were going to frame Donald Trump” concerning the Rigged Witch Hunt. JOE DIGENOVA, former U.S. Attorney.
Martha McSally, running in the Arizona Primary for U.S. Senate, was endorsed by rejected Senator Jeff Flake....and turned it down - a first! Now Martha, a great U.S. Military fighter jet pilot and highly respected member of Congress, WINS BIG. Congratulations, and on to November!
Hillary Clinton’s Emails, many of which are Classified Information, got hacked by China. Next move better be by the FBI &amp, DOJ or, after all of their other missteps (Comey, McCabe, Strzok, Page, Ohr, FISA, Dirty Dossier etc.), their credibility will be forever gone!
New Poll - A majority of Americans think that John Brennan and James Comey should have their Security Clearances Revoked. Not surprised! @FoxNews
Our new Trade Deal with Mexico focuses on FARMERS, GROWTH for our country, tearing down TRADE BARRIERS, JOBS and having companies continue to POUR BACK INTO OUR COUNTRY. It will be a big hit!
Add the 2026 World Cup to our long list of accomplishments!
Report just out: “China hacked Hillary Clinton’s private Email Server.” Are they sure it wasn’t Russia (just kidding!)? What are the odds that the FBI and DOJ are right on top of this? Actually, a very big story. Much classified information!
Congratulations to Governor Rick Scott of Florida on his conclusive Republican Primary Win. He will be a great Senator!
Such a fantastic win for Ron DeSantis and the people of the Great State of Florida. Ron will be a fantastic Governor. On to November!
https://t.co/H2FiSVxyOF
....results on “Trump News” are from National Left-Wing Media, very dangerous. Google &amp, others are suppressing voices of Conservatives and hiding information and news that is good. They are controlling what we can &amp, cannot see. This is a very serious situation-will be addressed!
Google search results for “Trump News” shows only the viewing/reporting of Fake News Media. In other words, they have it RIGGED, for me &amp, others, so that almost all stories &amp, news is BAD. Fake CNN is prominent. Republican/Conservative &amp, Fair Media is shut out. Illegal? 96% of....
I smile at Senators and others talking about how good free trade is for the U.S. What they don’t say is that we lose Jobs and over 800 Billion Dollars a year on really dumb Trade Deals....and these same countries Tariff us to death. These lawmakers are just fine with this!
NASDAQ has just gone above 8000 for the first time in history!
“President Trump has done more for minority groups in this country than any president in decades.”  @LouDobbs
....results on “Trump News” are from National Left-Wing Media, very dangerous. Google &amp, others are suppressing voices of Conservatives and hiding information and news that is good. They are controlling what we can &amp, cannot see. This is a very serious situation-will be addressed!
Google search results for “Trump News” shows only the viewing/reporting of Fake New Media. In other words, they have it RIGGED, for me &amp, others, so that almost all stories &amp, news is BAD. Fake CNN is prominent. Republican/Conservative &amp, Fair Media  is shut out. Illegal?  96% of...
VOTE FOR RON! https://t.co/80NShvQ73u
.@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome the President of the Republic of Kenya, @UKenyatta and Mrs. Margaret Kenyatta to the @WhiteHouse today! https://t.co/ZU5MovNKt8
RT @FLOTUS: It was a pleasure having @FirstLadyKenya at the @WhiteHouse today.  I enjoyed learning about @BeyondZeroKenya &amp, discussing our...
United States-Mexico Trade Agreement: https://t.co/E1AzveYPli https://t.co/ZYbHt1pD8a
Governor Doug Ducey of Arizona is doing a great job. It would be really nice to show your support tomorrow by voting for him in Tuesdays Primary. Doug is strong on Crime, the Border, and our Second Amendment. Loves our Military &amp, our Vets. He has my full and complete Endorsement.
Congressman Ron DeSantis is a special person who has done an incredible job. He is running in Tuesdays Primary for Governor of Florida....Strong on Crime, Borders and wants Low Taxes. He will be a great Governor and has my full and total Endorsement!
Rick Scott of Florida is doing a fantastic job as Governor. Jobs are pouring into the State and its economic health is better than ever before. He is strong on Crime, Borders, and loves our Military and Vets. Vote for Rick on Tuesday!
A big deal looking good with Mexico!
The Fake News Media worked hard to get Tiger Woods to say something that he didn’t want to say. Tiger wouldn’t play the game - he is very smart. More importantly, he is playing great golf again!
Thank you to the great @JimBrownNFL32, perhaps the greatest running back of all time, for your wonderful words and support. Since our meeting in New York, African-American UNEMPLOYMENT has reached the LOWEST LEVEL IN HISTORY. You get it!
Over 90% approval rating for your all time favorite (I hope) President within the Republican Party and 52% overall. This despite all of the made up stories by the Fake News Media trying endlessly to make me look as bad and evil as possible. Look at the real villains please!
“Mainstream Media tries to rewrite history to credit Obama for Trump accomplishments. Since President Trump took office, the economy is booming. The stronger the economy gets, the more desperate his critics are. O had weakest recovery since Great Depression.” @WashTimes
Fantastic numbers on consumer spending released on Friday. Stock Market hits all time high!
...And it will get, as I have always said, much better from even here! https://t.co/El26RzBjpG
RT @realDonaldTrump: Social Media Giants are silencing millions of people. Can’t do this even if it means we must continue to hear Fake New...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Big story out that the FBI ignored tens of thousands of Crooked Hillary Emails, many of which are REALLY BAD. Also gav...
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....FISA abuse, Christopher Steele &amp, his phony and corrupt Dossier, the Clinton Foundation, illegal surveillance of Tr...
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Department of Justice will not be improperly influenced by political considerations.” Jeff, this is GREAT, what every...
My deepest sympathies and respect go out to the family of Senator John McCain. Our hearts and prayers are with you!
Stock Market hit all time high on Friday. Congratulations U.S.A.!
Our relationship with Mexico is getting closer by the hour. Some really good people within both the new and old government, and all working closely together....A big Trade Agreement with Mexico could be happening soon!
“The FBI looked at less than 1%” of Crooked’s Emails!
“The FBI only looked at 3000 of 675,000 Crooked Hillary Clinton Emails.” They purposely didn’t look at the disasters. This news is just out. @FoxNews
Big story out that the FBI ignored tens of thousands of Crooked Hillary Emails, many of which are REALLY BAD. Also gave false election info. I feel sure that we will soon be getting to the bottom of all of this corruption. At some point I may have to get involved!
.@LindseyGrahamSC  “Every President deserves an Attorney General they have confidence in. I believe every President has a right to their Cabinet, these are not lifetime appointments. You serve at the pleasure of the President.”
Jeff Sessions said he wouldn’t allow politics to influence him only because he doesn’t understand what is happening underneath his command position. Highly conflicted Bob Mueller and his gang of 17 Angry Dems are having a field day as real corruption goes untouched. No Collusion!
Michaels Cohen’s attorney clarified the record, saying his client does not know if President Trump knew about the Trump Tower meeting (out of which came nothing!). The answer is that I did NOT know about the meeting. Just another phony story by the Fake News Media!
Happy birthday Vince, you are truly one of the greats! https://t.co/b8zV5MfojY
Great #StateDinner2018 in Ohio tonight! Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/ALU1PHEsvh
Great to see the Senate working on solutions to end the secrecy around ridiculously high drug prices, something I called for in my drug pricing Blueprint. Will now work with the House to help American patients! #AmericanPatientsFirst
Congratulations to new Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison. There are no greater friends than the United States and Australia!
I spoke with Governor David Ige of Hawaii today to express our full support for the people of Hawaii as the State is impacted by #HurricaneLane. The Federal Government is fully committed to helping the people of Hawaii. https://t.co/P35yAAovIk
Thank you. I love you Ohio! https://t.co/RQ9Gj0SETz
...Secretary Pompeo looks forward to going to North Korea in the near future, most likely after our Trading relationship with China is resolved. In the meantime I would like to send my warmest regards and respect to Chairman Kim. I look forward to seeing him soon!
...Additionally, because of our much tougher Trading stance with China, I do not believe they are helping with the process of denuclearization as they once were (despite the UN Sanctions which are in place)...
I have asked Secretary of State Mike Pompeo not to go to North Korea, at this time, because I feel we are not making sufficient progress with respect to the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula...
https://t.co/0a25gApyJ6
Social Media Giants are silencing millions of people. Can’t do this even if it means we must continue to hear Fake News like CNN, whose ratings have suffered gravely. People have to figure out what is real, and what is not, without censorship!
Ex-NSA contractor to spend 63 months in jail over “classified” information. Gee, this is “small potatoes” compared to what Hillary Clinton did! So unfair Jeff, Double Standard.
....FISA abuse, Christopher Steele &amp, his phony and corrupt Dossier, the Clinton Foundation, illegal surveillance of Trump Campaign, Russian collusion by Dems - and so much more. Open up the papers &amp, documents without redaction? Come on Jeff, you can do it, the country is waiting!
Pushed hard to have Apple build in USA! https://t.co/BRfXBkJdc2
“Department of Justice will not be improperly influenced by political considerations.” Jeff, this is GREAT, what everyone wants, so look into all of the corruption on the “other side” including deleted Emails, Comey lies &amp, leaks, Mueller conflicts, McCabe, Strzok, Page, Ohr......
Our Economy is setting records on virtually every front - Probably the best our country has ever done. Tremendous value created since the Election. The World is respecting us again! Companies are moving back to the U.S.A.
Target CEO raves about the Economy. “This is the best consumer environment I’ve seen in my career.” A big statement from a top executive. But virtually everybody is saying this, &amp, when our Trade Deals are made, &amp, cost cutting done, you haven’t seen anything yet!  @DRUDGE_REPORT
...And according to Polls, would do even better today! https://t.co/NAzQOIFW6o
RT @DanScavino: “2020 odds: @realDonaldTrump favored more than every other challenger combined” via @SecretsBedard @dcexaminer https://t.co...
...Cindy has voted for our Agenda in the Senate 100% of the time and has my complete and total Endorsement. We need Cindy to win in Mississippi!
.@cindyhydesmith has helped me put America First! She’s strong on the Wall, is helping me create Jobs, loves our Vets and fights for our conservative judges...
I have authorized an emergency disaster declaration to provide Hawaii the necessary support ahead of #HurricaneLane. Our teams are closely coordinating with the state and local authorities. You are in our thoughts! https://t.co/lrhwbdUavj
It was my great honor to host the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act Roundtable today at the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/TjtI7ddtZM
https://t.co/6ZG0P6FRs5
https://t.co/6v90Th0zl1
https://t.co/3PAVDdfJJr
I have asked Secretary of State @SecPompeo to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers. “South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers.” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews
I have asked Secretary of State @MikePompeo4USA to closely study the South Africa land and farm seizures and expropriations and the large scale killing of farmers. “South African Government is now seizing land from white farmers.” @TuckerCarlson  @FoxNews
The only thing that I have done wrong is to win an election that was expected to be won by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats. The problem is, they forgot to campaign in numerous states!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt tomorrow from 6:00 A.M. to 9:00 A.M.  Enjoy!
RT @Scavino45: Today, President Trump welcomed the family of @usairforce Tech. Sgt. John A. Chapman, Medal of Honor recipient, to the Oval...
https://t.co/15ibBbf34U
https://t.co/wYCNmkkaNR
Longest bull run in the history of the stock market, congratulations America!
https://t.co/mJtO0AFLus
https://t.co/OGqKufBeHn
Everyone in the path of #HurricaneLane please prepare yourselves, heed the advice of State and local officials, and follow @NWSHonolulu for updates. Be safe! https://t.co/kCwtL8UxNI
Thank you to Democrat Assemblyman Dov Hikind of New York for your very gracious remarks on @foxandfriends for our deporting a longtime resident Nazi back to Germany! Others worked on this for decades.
Michael Cohen plead guilty to two counts of campaign finance violations that are not a crime. President Obama had a big campaign finance violation and it was easily settled!
A large number of counts, ten, could not even be decided in the Paul Manafort case. Witch Hunt!
I feel very badly for Paul Manafort and his wonderful family. “Justice” took a 12 year old tax case, among other things, applied tremendous pressure on him and, unlike Michael Cohen, he refused to “break” - make up stories in order to get a “deal.” Such respect for a brave man!
If anyone is looking for a good lawyer, I would strongly suggest that you don’t retain the services of Michael Cohen!
Thank you West Virginia. I love you! https://t.co/K1OQ98wOh4
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/gZqP81bclE
Just landed in West Virginia. Big crowd, looking forward to seeing everyone soon! #MAGA
Join me tonight at the Charleston Civic Center in West Virginia at 7:00pmE! Tickets: https://t.co/OX8gGhdmg9
To the incredible people of the Great State of Wyoming: Go VOTE TODAY for Foster Friess - He will be a fantastic Governor! Strong on Crime, Borders &amp, 2nd Amendment. Loves our Military &amp, our Vets. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
Big Rally tonight in West Virginia. Patrick Morrisey is running a GREAT race for U.S. Senate. I have done so much for West Virginia, against all odds, and having Patrick, a real fighter, by my side, would make things so much easier. See you later. CLEAN COAL!!!!
I am sorry to have to reiterate that there are serious and unpleasant consequences to crossing the Border into the United States ILLEGALLY! If there were no serious consequences, our country would be overrun with people trying to get in, and our system could not handle it!
Fake News, of which there is soooo much (this time the very tired New Yorker) falsely reported that I was going to take the extraordinary step of denying Intelligence Briefings to President Obama. Never discussed or thought of!
Even James Clapper has admonished John Brennan for having gone totally off the rails. Maybe Clapper is being nice to me so he doesn’t lose his Security Clearance for lying to Congress!
A Blue Wave means Crime and Open Borders. A Red Wave means Safety and Strength!
I am hearing so many great things about the Republican Party’s California Gubernatorial Candidate, John Cox. He is a very successful businessman who is tired of high Taxes &amp, Crime. He will Make California Great Again &amp,  make you proud of your Great State again. Total Endorsement!
Will be going to the Great State of West Virginia on Tuesday Night to campaign &amp, do a Rally Speech for a hard working and spectacular person, A.G. Patrick Morrisey, who is running for the U.S. Senate. Patrick has great Energy &amp, Stamina-I need his VOTE to MAGA. Total Endorsement!
Just watched former Intelligence Official Phillip Mudd become totally unglued and weird while debating wonderful @PARISDENNARD over Brennan’s Security Clearance. Dennard destroyed him but Mudd is in no mental condition to have such a Clearance. Should be REVOKED? @seanhannity
.@DianeHarkey is an extraordinary woman of great accomplishment &amp, potential. She is running as a very popular Republican for the Congressional seat of my friend Darrell Issa-with his complete support. Diane is strong on crime, loves our Military &amp, Vets-has my total Endorsement!
https://t.co/PeF12D2IqJ
RT @realDonaldTrump: Presidential Approval numbers are very good - strong economy, military and just about everything else. Better numbers...
It is outrageous that Poisonous Synthetic Heroin Fentanyl comes pouring into the U.S. Postal System from China. We can, and must, END THIS NOW! The Senate should pass the STOP ACT – and firmly STOP this poison from killing our children and destroying our country. No more delay!
“Bruce Ohr is at the center of FALSE ALLEGATIONS which led to a multi-million dollar investigation into what apparently didn’t happen.” Darrell Issa, House Oversight. We can take out the word “apparently.”  @FoxNews
Will Bruce Ohr, whose family received big money for helping to create the phony, dirty and discredited Dossier, ever be fired from the Jeff Sessions  “Justice” Department? A total joke!
Everybody wants to keep their Security Clearance, it’s worth great prestige and big dollars, even board seats, and that is why certain people are coming forward to protect Brennan. It certainly isn’t because of the good job he did! He is a political “hack.”
I hope John Brennan, the worst CIA Director in our country’s history, brings a lawsuit. It will then be very easy to get all of his records, texts, emails and documents to show not only the poor job he did, but how he was involved with the Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt. He won’t sue!
Where’s the Collusion? They made up a phony crime called Collusion, and when there was no Collusion they say there was Obstruction (of a phony crime that never existed). If you FIGHT BACK or say anything bad about the Rigged Witch Hunt, they scream Obstruction!
....looking for trouble. They are enjoying ruining people’s lives and REFUSE to look at the real corruption on the Democrat side - the lies, the firings, the deleted Emails and soooo much more! Mueller’s Angry Dems are looking to impact the election. They are a National Disgrace!
Disgraced and discredited Bob Mueller and his whole group of Angry Democrat Thugs spent over 30 hours with the White House Councel, only with my approval, for purposes of transparency. Anybody needing that much time when they know there is no Russian Collusion is just someone....
Study the late Joseph McCarthy, because we are now in period with Mueller and his gang that make Joseph McCarthy look like a baby! Rigged Witch Hunt!
Some members of the media are very Angry at the Fake Story in the New York Times. They actually called to complain and apologize - a big step forward. From the day I announced, the Times has been Fake News, and with their disgusting new Board Member, it will only get worse!
The Failing New York Times wrote a story that made it seem like the White House Councel had TURNED on the President, when in fact it is just the opposite - &amp, the two Fake reporters knew this. This is why the Fake News Media has become the Enemy of the People. So bad for America!
No Collusion and No Obstruction, except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats. All of the resignations and corruption, yet heavily conflicted Bob Mueller refuses to even look in that direction. What about the Brennan, Comey, McCabe, Strzok lies to Congress, or Crooked’s Emails!
....and have demanded transparency so that this Rigged and Disgusting Witch Hunt can come to a close. So many lives have been ruined over nothing - McCarthyism at its WORST! Yet Mueller &amp, his gang of Dems refuse to look at the real crimes on the other side - Media is even worse!
Bikers for Trump at Bedminster earlier today. Thank you! https://t.co/GWN56gYGT3
The failing @nytimes wrote a Fake piece today implying that because White House Councel Don McGahn was giving hours of testimony to the Special Councel, he must be a John Dean type “RAT.” But I allowed him and all others to testify - I didn’t have to. I have nothing to hide......
I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn, and all other requested members of the White House Staff, to fully cooperate with the Special Counsel. In addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents. Most transparent in history. No Collusion, No Obstruction. Witch Hunt!
I allowed White House Counsel Don McGahn, and all other requested members of the White House Staff, to fully cooperate with the Special Councel. In addition we readily gave over one million pages of documents. Most transparent in history. No Collusion, No Obstruction. Witch Hunt!
The United States has ended the ridiculous 230 Million Dollar yearly development payment to Syria. Saudi Arabia and other rich countries in the Middle East will start making payments instead of the U.S. I want to develop the U.S., our military and countries that help us!
https://t.co/TfRmZA8RWQ
The Economy is stronger and better than ever before. Importantly, there remains tremendous potential - it will only get better with time!
Great Job  Rachel Campos-Duffy on @foxandfriends.
Has anyone looked at the mistakes that John Brennan made while serving as CIA Director? He will go down as easily the WORST in history &amp, since getting out, he has become nothing less than a loudmouth, partisan, political hack who cannot be trusted with the secrets to our country!
https://t.co/5kIR5EggBp
All of the fools that are so focused on looking only at Russia should start also looking in another direction, China. But in the end, if we are smart, tough and well prepared, we will get along with everyone!
....Too many voices are being destroyed, some good &amp, some bad, and that cannot be allowed to happen. Who is making the choices, because I can already tell you that too many mistakes are being made. Let everybody participate, good &amp, bad, and we will all just have to figure it out!
.....Censorship is a very dangerous thing &amp, absolutely impossible to police. If you are weeding out Fake News, there is nothing so Fake as CNN &amp, MSNBC, &amp, yet I do not ask that their sick behavior be removed. I get used to it and watch with a grain of salt, or don’t watch at all..
Social Media is totally discriminating against Republican/Conservative voices. Speaking loudly and clearly for the Trump Administration, we won’t let that happen. They are closing down the opinions of many people on the RIGHT, while at the same time doing nothing to others.......
....financial gain is a Federal Gratuity Statute Violation, Bribery Statute Violation, Honest Services Violation....all Major Crimes....because the DOJ is run by BLANK Jeff Sessions......”  Gregg Jarrett.  So when does Mueller do what must be done? Probably never! @FoxNews
“Bruce Ohr of DOJ is in legal jeopardy, it’s astonishing that he’s still employed. Bruce &amp, Nelly Ohr’s bank account is getting fatter &amp, fatter because of the Dossier that they are both peddling. He doesn’t disclose it under Fed Regs. Using your Federal office for personal.......
“Bruce Ohr of DOJ is in legal jeopardy, it’s astonishingthat he’s still employed. Bruce &amp, Nelly Ohr’s bank account is getting fatter &amp, fatter because of the Dossier that they are both peddling. He doesn’t disclose it under Fed Regs. Using your Federal office for personal.......
“Fox News has learned that Bruce Ohr wrote Christopher Steele following the firing of James Comey saying that he was afraid the anti-Trump Russia probe will be exposed.”  Charles Payne  @FoxBusiness   How much more does Mueller have to see? They have blinders on - RIGGED!
https://t.co/TmICRUV9uo
...I say Andrew’s was a bigger and more incompetent blunder. He should easily win his race against a Super Liberal Actress, but his political career is over!
Which is worse, Hightax Andrew Cuomo's statement, “WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT” or Hillary Clinton’s “DEPLORABLES” statement...
When a politician admits that “We’re not going to make America great again,” there doesn’t seem to be much reason to ever vote for him. This could be a career threatening statement by Andrew Cuomo, with many wanting him to resign-he will get higher ratings than his brother Chris!
Wow! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about America’s lack of greatness. I have already MADE America Great Again, just look at the markets, jobs, military- setting records, and we will do even better. Andrew “choked” badly, mistake!
Wow! Big pushback on Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York for his really dumb statement about America’s lack of greatness. I have already MADE America Great Again, just look at the markets, jobs, military- setting records, and we will do even better. Andrew “chocked” badly, mistake!
The U.S. has more than double the growth rate than it had 18 months ago.
Just announced, youth unemployment is at a 50 year low!  @foxandfriends
“John Brennan is a stain on the Country, we deserve better than this.” Former Secret Service Agent and author of new book, “Spygate, the Attempted Sabotage of Donald J. Trump,” Dan Bongino. Thank you Dan, and good luck with the book!
....attend the big parade already scheduled at Andrews Air Force Base on a different date, &amp, go to the Paris parade, celebrating the end of the War, on November 11th. Maybe we will do something next year in D.C. when the cost comes WAY DOWN. Now we can buy some more jet fighters!
The local politicians who run Washington, D.C. (poorly) know a windfall when they see it. When asked to give us a price for holding a great celebratory military parade, they wanted a number so ridiculously high that I cancelled it. Never let someone hold you up! I will instead...
How does a politician, Cuomo, known for pushing people and businesses out of his state, not to mention having the highest taxes in the U.S., survive making the statement, WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT? Which section of the sentence is worse?
In speaking with some of the world’s top business leaders I asked what it is that would make business (jobs) even better in the U.S. “Stop quarterly reporting &amp, go to a six month system,” said one. That would allow greater flexibility &amp, save money. I have asked the SEC to study!
.....released in 2017. If his statement is based on intelligence he has seen since leaving office, it constitutes an intelligence breach......”  Richard Burr (R-NC) Senate Intel Cmte Chair  @LouDobbs
“Director Brennan’s recent statements purport to know as fact that the Trump campaign colluded with a foreign power. If Director Brennan’s statement is based on intelligence he received while leading the CIA, why didn’t he include it in the Intelligence Community Assessment......
“....An incredibly corrupt FBI &amp, DOJ trying to steer the outcome of a Presidential Election. Brennan has gone off the deep end, he’s disgraced and discredited himself. His conduct has been outrageous.” Chris Farrell, Judicial Watch.
How can “Senator” Richard Blumenthal, who went around for twenty years as a Connecticut politician bragging that he was a great Marine war hero in Vietnam (then got caught and sobbingly admitted he was neither a Marine nor ever in Vietnam), pass judgement on anyone? Loser!
.@TuckerCarlson speaking of John Brennan: “How did somebody so obviously limited intellectually get to be CIA Director in the first place?” Now that is a really good question! Then followed by “Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut is a FAKE War Hero...” So true, a total Fake!
“Very concerned about Comey’s firing, afraid they will be exposed,” said Bruce Ohr. DOJ’s Emails &amp, Notes show Bruce Ohr’s connection to (phony &amp, discredited) Trump Dossier. A creep thinking he would get caught in a dishonest act. Rigged Witch Hunt!
“While Steele shopped the document to multiple media outlets, he also asked for help with a RUSSIAN Oligarch.”  Catherine Herridge of @FoxNews  @LouDobbs  In other words, they were colluding with Russia!
“The FBI received documents from Bruce Ohr (of the Justice Department &amp, whose wife Nelly worked for Fusion GPS).” Disgraced and fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok. This is too crazy to be believed! The Rigged Witch Hunt has zero credibility.
Turkey has taken advantage of the United States for many years. They are now holding our wonderful Christian Pastor, who I must now ask to represent our Country as a great patriot hostage. We will pay nothing for the release of an innocent man, but we are cutting back on Turkey!
Thank you for the kind words Omarosa! https://t.co/PMmNG6iIsi
Great @Cabinet meeting today at the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/RwOhQF9SEv
The Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin, is dead. She was a great woman, with a wonderful gift from God, her voice. She will be missed!
There is nothing that I would want more for our Country than true FREEDOM OF THE PRESS. The fact is that the Press is FREE to write and say anything it wants, but much of what it says is FAKE NEWS, pushing a political agenda or just plain trying to hurt people. HONESTY WINS!
The Boston Globe, which was sold to the the Failing New York Times for 1.3 BILLION DOLLARS (plus 800 million dollars in losses &amp, investment), or 2.1 BILLION DOLLARS, was then sold by the Times for 1 DOLLAR. Now the Globe is in COLLUSION with other papers on free press. PROVE IT!
THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE OPPOSITION PARTY. It is very bad for our Great Country....BUT WE ARE WINNING!
Our Economy is doing better than ever. Money is pouring into our cherished DOLLAR like rarely before, companies earnings are higher than ever, inflation is low &amp, business optimism is higher than it has ever been. For the first time in many decades, we are protecting our workers!
“I’d strip the whole bunch of them. They’re all corrupt. They’ve all abused their power. They’ve all betrayed the American people with a political agenda. They tried to steal and influence an election in the United States.” @seanhannity
Mark Levin “When they had power they didn’t stop the Russians, the Chinese, the North Koreans, they funded the Iranians &amp, are responsible for the greatest scandal in American history by interfering with our election &amp, trying to undermine the Trump Campaign and Trump Presidency.”
“WE’RE NOT GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT.” Can you believe this is the Governor of the Highest Taxed State in the U.S., Andrew Cuomo, having a total meltdown!
“WE’RE NOT GONG TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, IT WAS NEVER THAT GREAT.”  Can you believe this is the Governor of the Highest Taxed State in the U.S., Andrew Cuomo, having a total meltdown!
Our Country was built on Tariffs, and Tariffs are now leading us to great new Trade Deals - as opposed to the horrible and unfair Trade Deals that I inherited as your President. Other Countries should not be allowed to come in and steal the wealth of our great U.S.A. No longer!
Happy Birthday to the leader of the Democrat Party, Maxine Waters!
“The action (the Strzok firing) was a decisive step in the right direction in correcting the wrongs committed by what has been described as Comey’s skinny inner circle.”  Chris Swecker, former FBI Assistant Director.
The Rigged Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on as the “originators and founders” of this scam continue to be fired and demoted for their corrupt and illegal activity. All credibility is gone from this terrible Hoax, and much more will be lost as it proceeds. No Collusion!
My friend and very early supporter Kris Kobach won the Republican Nomination for Governor of Kansas last night in a tough race against a very fine opponent. Kris will win in November and be a great Governor. He has my complete and total Endorsement!
It is about time that Connecticut had a real and talented Governor. Bob Stefanowski is the person needed to do the job. Tough on crime, Bob is also a big cutter of Taxes. He will win in November and make a Great Governor, a major difference maker. Bob has my total Endorsement!
.@PeteStauber won big last night in Minnesota. A big star in Hockey, he will be an even bigger star in politics. It all begins with a win in November. Pete has my complete and total Endorsement!
“People who enter the United States without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be treated the same as people who entered the U.S. legally.” Chuck Schumer in 2009, before he went left and haywire!  @foxandfriends
Congratulations to Bryan Steil on a wonderful win last night. You will be replacing a great guy in Paul Ryan, and your win in November will make the entire State of Wisconsin very proud. You have my complete and total Endorsement!
Jeff Johnson of Minnesota had a big night in winning the Republican nomination for Governor against a very strong and well known opponent! Thanks for all of the support you showed me. You have my complete and total Endorsement. You will win in November!
Scott Walker is very special and will have another great win in November. He has done a fantastic job as Governor of Wisconsin and will always have my full support and Endorsement!
Congratulations to Leah Vukmir of Wisconsin on your great win last night. You beat a very tough and good competitor and will make a fantastic Senator after winning in November against someone who has done very little. You have my complete and total Endorsement!
“People who enter the United States without our permission are illegal aliens and illegal aliens should not be treated the same as people who enters the U.S. legally.”  Chuck Schumer in 2009, before he went left and haywire!  @foxandfriends
Great Republican election results last night. So far we have the team we want. 8 for 9 in Special Elections. Red Wave!
“Hope and Change in an Alabama Coal Mine” https://t.co/IwLEO9ff9X
Lou Dobbs: “This cannot go forward...this Special Counsel with all of his conflicts, with his 17 Angry Democrats, without any evidence of collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia. The Dems are the ones who should be investigated.” Thank you Lou, so true!
Strzok started the illegal Rigged Witch Hunt - why isn’t this so-called “probe” ended immediately? Why aren’t these angry and conflicted Democrats instead looking at Crooked Hillary?
Fired FBI Agent Peter Strzok is a fraud, as is the rigged investigation he started. There was no Collusion or Obstruction with Russia, and everybody, including the Democrats, know it. The only Collusion and Obstruction was by Crooked Hillary, the Democrats and the DNC!
“They were all in on it, clear Hillary Clinton and FRAME Donald Trump for things he didn’t do.” Gregg Jarrett on @foxandfriends  If we had a real Attorney General, this Witch Hunt would never have been started! Looking at the wrong people.
Bruce Ohr of the “Justice” Department (can you believe he is still there) is accused of helping disgraced Christopher Steele “find dirt on Trump.” Ohr’s wife, Nelly, was in on the act big time - worked for Fusion GPS on Fake Dossier. @foxandfriends
Another terrorist attack in London...These animals are crazy and must be dealt with through toughness and strength!
When you give a crazed, crying lowlife a break, and give her a job at the White House, I guess it just didn’t work out. Good work by General Kelly for quickly firing that dog!
Lou Dobbs: “This cannot go forward...this Special Councel with all of his conflicts, with his 17 Angry Democrats, without any evidence of collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia. The Dems are the ones who should be investigated.” Thank you Lou, so true!
....should be shut down. The Strzok firing shows that the fundamental underpinnings of the investigation were corrupt. It should be shut down by the courts or by honest prosecutors.” Thank you Judicial Watch, I couldn’t have said it better myself!
....guy was corrupt and had anti-Trump animus. Strzok and others at the FBI should be criminally investigated for the way the conducted this investigation. Instead, Mueller is pretending nothing went wrong. He used Strzok, he used the Clinton DNC Dossier...the whole thing....
Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch: “The Strzok firing is as much about the Mueller operation as anything else. There would be no Mueller Special Councel to investigate so called collusion but for the machinations of Strzok &amp, his colleagues at the top levels of the FBI. We know this...
....such wonderful and powerful things about me - a true Champion of Civil Rights - until she got fired. Omarosa had Zero credibility with the Media (they didn’t want interviews) when she worked in the White House. Now that she says bad about me, they will talk to her. Fake News!
.@MarkBurnettTV called to say that there are NO TAPES of the Apprentice where I used such a terrible and disgusting word as attributed by Wacky and Deranged Omarosa. I don’t have that word in my vocabulary, and never have. She made it up. Look at her MANY recent quotes saying....
Scott Walker of Wisconsin is a tremendous Governor who has done incredible things for that Great State. He has my complete &amp, total Endorsement! He brought the amazing Foxconn to Wisconsin with its 15,000 Jobs-and so much more. Vote for Scott on Tuesday in the Republican Primary!
“Trump’s foreign policy is actually boosting America’s standing” https://t.co/oC7Xs38uRo
It was my great honor to sign our new Defense Bill into law and to pay tribute to the greatest soldiers in the history of the world: THE U.S. ARMY. The National Defense Authorization Act is the most significant investment in our Military and our warfighters in modern history! https://t.co/M6VI1c0Sgx
Pete Stauber is running for Congress in Minnesota. He will make for a great Congressman. Pete is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Vote for Pete tomorrow. He has my full and total Endorsement!
Great to be in Fort Drum, New York with our HEROES! https://t.co/Ke54QGZbU7
Just landed at Fort Drum, New York. Looking forward to making a speech about our GREAT HEROES!
RT @FrankLuntz: I’m in @Omarosa’s book on page 149. She claims to have heard from someone who heard from me that I heard Trump use the N-wo...
RT @MichaelCohen212: LTo the many dozens of #journalists who called me, questioning @OMAROSA claim in her new book that @POTUS @realDonaldT...
Brooks Koepka just won his third Golf Major, and he did it not only with his powerful game, but with his powerful mind. He has been a man of steel on the Tour and will have many Victories, including Majors, ahead of him. Congrats to Brooks and his great team on a job well done!
Wacky Omarosa already has a fully signed Non-Disclosure Agreement!
Just fired Agent Strzok, formerly of the FBI, was in charge of the Crooked Hillary Clinton sham investigation. It was a total fraud on the American public and should be properly redone!
Agent Peter Strzok was just fired from the FBI - finally. The list of bad players in the FBI &amp, DOJ gets longer &amp, longer. Based on the fact that Strzok was in charge of the Witch Hunt, will it be dropped? It is a total Hoax. No Collusion, No Obstruction - I just fight back!
The very unpopular Governor of Ohio (and failed presidential candidate) @JohnKasich hurt Troy Balderson’s recent win by tamping down enthusiasm for an otherwise great candidate. Even Kasich’s Lt. Governor lost Gov. race because of his unpopularity. Credit to Troy on the BIG WIN!
While I know it’s “not presidential” to take on a lowlife like Omarosa, and while I would rather not be doing so, this is a modern day form of communication and I know the Fake News Media will be working overtime to make even Wacky Omarosa look legitimate as possible. Sorry!
...really bad things. Nasty to people &amp, would constantly miss meetings &amp, work. When Gen. Kelly came on board he told me she was a loser &amp, nothing but problems. I told him to try working it out, if possible, because she only said GREAT things about me - until she got fired!
Wacky Omarosa, who got fired 3 times on the Apprentice, now got fired for the last time. She never made it, never will. She begged me for a job, tears in her eyes, I said Ok. People in the White House hated her. She was vicious, but not smart. I would rarely see her but heard....
“Seems like the Department of Justice (and FBI) had a program to keep Donald Trump from becoming President”. @DarrellIssa  @foxandfriends  If this had happened to the other side, everybody involved would be in jail. This is a Media coverup of the biggest story of our time.
Many @harleydavidson owners plan to boycott the company if manufacturing moves overseas. Great! Most other companies are coming in our direction, including Harley competitors. A really bad move! U.S. will soon have a level playing field, or better.
.@GovMikeHuckabee “Your paycheck is bigger, your pension is stronger.” @foxandfriends  Unemployment numbers are better than they have been in 50 years, &amp, perhaps ever. Our country is booming like never before - and it will get even better! Many companies moving back to the U.S.A.
.@JudgeJeanine  “Bob Mueller, isn’t your whole investigation premised on a Fake Dossier, paid for by Hillary, created by a man who hates Donald Trump, &amp, used to con a FISA Court Judge. Bob, I really think it’s time for you to give up your phony investigation.” No Collusion!
....Do you believe Nelly worked for Fusion and her husband STILL WORKS FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF “JUSTICE.” I have never seen anything so Rigged in my life. Our A.G. is scared stiff and Missing in Action. It is all starting to be revealed - not pretty. IG Report soon?  Witch Hunt!
The big story that the Fake News Media refuses to report is lowlife Christopher Steele’s many meetings with Deputy A.G. Bruce Ohr and his beautiful wife, Nelly. It was Fusion GPS that hired Steele to write the phony &amp, discredited Dossier, paid for by Crooked Hillary &amp, the DNC....
I am proud to have fought for and secured the LOWEST African American and Hispanic unemployment rates in history. Now I’m pushing for prison reform to give people who have paid their debt to society a second chance. I will never stop fighting for ALL Americans!
The riots in Charlottesville a year ago resulted in senseless death and division. We must come together as a nation. I condemn all types of racism and acts of violence. Peace to ALL Americans!
.....Will the FBI ever recover it’s once stellar reputation, so badly damaged by Comey, McCabe, Peter S and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, and other top officials now dismissed or fired? So many of the great men and women of the FBI have been hurt by these clowns and losers!
Why isn’t the FBI giving Andrew McCabe text messages  to Judicial Watch or appropriate governmental authorities. FBI said they won’t give up even one (I may have to get involved, DO NOT DESTROY). What are they hiding? McCabe wife took big campaign dollars from Hillary people.....
.....Will the FBI ever recover it’s once stellar reputation, so badly damaged by Comey, McCabe, Peter S and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, and other top officials now dismissed or fired? So many of the great men and women of the FBI have been hurt by these clowns and losers!
Why isn’t the FBI giving Andrew McCabe text massages to Judicial Watch or appropriate governmental authorities. FBI said they won’t give up even one (I may have to get involved, DO NOT DESTROY). What are they hiding? McCabe wife took big campaign dollars from Hillary people......
Deal with Mexico is coming along nicely. Autoworkers and farmers must be taken care of or there will be no deal. New President of Mexico has been an absolute gentleman. Canada must wait. Their Tariffs and Trade Barriers are far too high. Will tax cars if we can’t make a deal!
Thank you to Kanye West and the fact that he is willing to tell the TRUTH. One new and great FACT - African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in the history of our Country. So honored by this. Thank you Kanye for your support. It is making a big difference!
Had a very good phone call with @EmmanuelMacron, President of France. Discussed various subjects, in particular Security and Trade. Many other calls and conversations today. Looking forward to dinner tonight with Tim Cook of Apple. He is investing big dollars in U.S.A.
Democrats, please do not distance yourselves from Nancy Pelosi. She is a wonderful person whose ideas &amp, policies may be bad, but who should definitely be given a 4th chance. She is trying very hard &amp, has every right to take down the Democrat Party if she has veered too far left!
I have just authorized a doubling of Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum with respect to Turkey as their currency, the Turkish Lira, slides rapidly downward against our very strong Dollar! Aluminum will now be 20% and Steel 50%. Our relations with Turkey are not good at this time!
.....Be happy, be cool! A football game, that fans are paying soooo much money to watch and enjoy, is no place to protest. Most of that money goes to the players anyway. Find another way to protest. Stand proudly for your National Anthem or be Suspended Without Pay!
The NFL players are at it again - taking a knee when they should be standing proudly for the National Anthem. Numerous players, from different teams, wanted to show their “outrage” at something that most of them are unable to define. They make a fortune doing what they love......
.@MariaBartiromo  “No evidence to launch even an investigation into potential collusion between Donald Trump and the Russians - and here we are, a year and a half later.”
Jenna Ellis  “FBI thought they wouldn’t get caught because they thought that Hillary was going to win. There is overt bias and that depends on whether you are Democrat or Republican - a double standard that needs to stop.”
@LindseyGrahamSC  “Why didn’t the FBI tell President Trump that they had concerns about Carter Page? Is there a double standard here?” They told Senator Diane Feinstein that she had a spy - but not Trump. Is that entrapment or did they just want to use Page as an excuse to SPY?
Congressman Ted Yoho of Florida is doing a fantastic job and has my complete and total Endorsement! Tough on Crime and Borders, Ted was really helpful on Tax Cuts. Vote all the way for Ted in the upcoming Primary - he will never let you down!
Space Force all the way!
This is an illegally brought Rigged Witch Hunt run by people who are totally corrupt and/or conflicted. It was started and paid for by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats. Phony Dossier, FISA disgrace and so many lying and dishonest people already fired. 17 Angry Dems? Stay tuned!
“There has been no evidence whatsoever that Donald Trump or the campaign was involved in any kind of collusion to fix the 2016 election. In fact the evidence is the opposite, that Hillary Clinton &amp, the Democrats colluded with the Russians to fix the 2016 election.” @GrahamLedger
RED WAVE!
https://t.co/x7ATRLwGpY
Congratulations to @LenaEpstein of Michigan on a job well done. Also, thanks for your great support!
As long as I campaign and/or support Senate and House candidates (within reason), they will win! I LOVE the people, &amp, they certainly seem to like the job I’m doing. If I find the time, in between China, Iran, the Economy and much more, which I must, we will have a giant Red Wave!
The Republicans have now won 8 out of 9 House Seats, yet if you listen to the Fake News Media you would think we are being clobbered. Why can’t they play it straight, so unfair to the Republican Party and in particular, your favorite President!
5 for 5!
Congratulations to Josh Hawley on your big Senate Primary win in Missouri. I look forward to working with you toward a big win in November. We need you in Washington!
Congratulations to Bill Schuette. You will have a Big win in November and be a tremendous Governor for the Great State of Michigan. Lots of car and other companies moving back!
Congratulations to a future STAR of the Republican Party, future Senator John James. A big and bold victory tonight in the Great State of Michigan - the first of many. November can’t come fast enough!
.....Congratulations to Troy Balderson on a great win in Ohio. A very special and important race!
When I decided to go to Ohio for Troy Balderson, he was down in early voting 64 to 36. That was not good. After my speech on Saturday night, there was a big turn for the better. Now Troy wins a great victory during a very tough time of the year for voting. He will win BIG in Nov.
Today, on the 236th anniversary of the Purple Heart, we honor the members of our Armed Forces for serving as the vanguard of American democracy and freedom around the world. #PurpleHeartDay https://t.co/NghmQ4BOKh
RT @EricTrump: Ohio make sure to get out and vote today! We need Troy Balderson in Congress. Visit https://t.co/ypMnbPQzqk to find your pol...
Ohio, vote today for Troy Balderson for Congress. His opponent, controlled by Nancy Pelosi, is weak on Crime, the Border, Military, Vets, your 2nd Amendment - and will end your Tax Cuts. Troy will be a great Congressman. #MAGA
The Iran sanctions have officially been cast. These are the most biting sanctions ever imposed, and in November they ratchet up to yet another level. Anyone doing business with Iran will NOT be doing business with the United States. I am asking for WORLD PEACE, nothing less!
California wildfires are being magnified &amp, made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which aren’t allowing massive amounts of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Must also tree clear to stop fire from spreading!
Democrats want Open Borders and they want to abolish ICE, the brave men and women that are protecting our Country from some of the most vicious and dangerous people on earth! Sorry, we can’t let that happen! Also, change the rules in the Senate and approve STRONG Border Security!
Democrats want Open Borders and they want to abolish ICE, the brave men and women that our protecting our Country from some of the most vicious and dangerous people on earth! Sorry, we can’t let that happen!Also, change the rules in the Senate and approve STRONG Border Security!
John James is a potential Republican Star who has a Senate primary election tomorrow in Michigan. If he becomes the Republican candidate, he will beat the Open Borders, weak on Crime, Democrat, Debbie Stabenow. Vote for John James and Make America Great Again!
Governor Jerry Brown must allow the Free Flow of the vast amounts of water coming from the North and foolishly being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Can be used for fires, farming and everything else. Think of California with plenty of Water - Nice! Fast Federal govt. approvals.
Kris Kobach, a strong and early supporter of mine, is running for Governor of the Great State of Kansas.  He is a fantastic guy who loves his State and our Country - he will be a GREAT Governor and has my full &amp, total Endorsement! Strong on Crime, Border &amp, Military. VOTE TUESDAY!
Great financial numbers being announced on an almost daily basis. Economy has never been better, jobs at best point in history. Fixing our terrible Trade Deals is a priority-and going very well. Immigration on Merit Based System to take care of the companies coming back to U.S.A.
....a law firm, eventually Kremlin connected sources, to gather info on Donald Trump. Collusion is very real with Russia, but only with Hillary and the Democrats, and we should demand a full investigation.” Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends  Looking forward to the new IG Report!
“Collusion with Russia was very real. Hillary Clinton and her team 100% colluded with the Russians, and so did Adam Schiff who is on tape trying to collude with what he thought was Russians to obtain compromising material on DJT. We also know that Hillary Clinton paid through....
California wildfires are being magnified &amp, made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which aren’t allowing massive amount of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Must also tree clear to stop fire   spreading!
RT @realDonaldTrump: ...Danny O’Connor is a total puppet for Nancy Pelosi and Maxine Waters – Danny wants to raise your taxes, open your bo...
RT @realDonaldTrump: A great night in Ohio’s 12th Congressional District with Troy Balderson! Troy loves Ohio, and he loves the people of O...
Presidential Approval numbers are very good - strong economy, military and just about everything else. Better numbers than Obama at this point, by far. We are winning on just about every front and for that reason there will not be a Blue Wave, but there might be a Red Wave!
Too bad a large portion of the Media refuses to report the lies and corruption having to do with the Rigged Witch Hunt - but that is why we call them FAKE NEWS!
...Why aren’t Mueller and the 17 Angry Democrats looking at the meetings concerning the Fake Dossier and all of the lying that went on in the FBI and DOJ? This is the most one sided Witch Hunt in the history of our country. Fortunately, the facts are all coming out, and fast!
Fake News reporting, a complete fabrication, that I am concerned about the meeting my wonderful son, Donald, had in Trump Tower. This was a meeting to get information on an opponent, totally legal and done all the time in politics - and it went nowhere. I did not know about it!
..Because of Tariffs we will be able to start paying down large amounts of the $21 Trillion in debt that has been accumulated, much by the Obama Administration, while at the same time reducing taxes for our people. At minimum, we will make much better Trade Deals for our country!
Tariffs are working big time. Every country on earth wants to take wealth out of the U.S., always to our detriment. I say, as they come,Tax them. If they don’t want to be taxed, let them make or build the product in the U.S. In either event, it means jobs and great wealth.....
The Fake News hates me saying that they are the Enemy of the People only because they know it’s TRUE. I am providing a great service by explaining this to the American People. They purposely cause great division &amp, distrust. They can also cause War! They are very dangerous &amp, sick!
...Danny O’Connor is a total puppet for Nancy Pelosi and Maxine Waters – Danny wants to raise your taxes, open your borders, and take away your 2nd Amendment. Vote for Troy on Tuesday!
A great night in Ohio’s 12th Congressional District with Troy Balderson! Troy loves Ohio, and he loves the people of Ohio. He will be fighting for you all the way...
Thank you Ohio. I love you! https://t.co/HYSaQOB6GW
RT @realDonaldTrump: Troy Balderson, running for Congress from Ohio, is in a big Election fight with a candidate who just got caught lying...
Iran, and it’s economy, is going very bad, and fast! I will meet, or not meet, it doesn’t matter - it is up to them!
Heading to Ohio!
....China, which is for the first time doing poorly against us, is spending a fortune on ads and P.R. trying to convince and scare our politicians to fight me on Tariffs- because they are really hurting their economy. Likewise other countries. We are Winning, but must be strong!
....Tariffs will make our country much richer than it is today. Only fools would disagree. We are using them to negotiate fair trade deals and, if countries are still unwilling to negotiate, they will pay us vast sums of money in the form of Tariffs. We win either way......
....Tariffs have had a tremendous positive impact on our Steel Industry. Plants are opening all over the U.S., Steelworkers are working again, and big dollars are flowing into our Treasury. Other countries use Tariffs against, but when we use them, foolish people scream!
Tariffs are working far better than anyone ever anticipated. China market has dropped 27% in last 4months, and they are talking to us. Our market is stronger than ever, and will go up dramatically when these horrible Trade Deals are successfully renegotiated. America First.......
HAPPY BIRTHDAY @USCG! https://t.co/cQo41jcoKn
Troy Balderson, running for Congress from Ohio, is in a big Election fight with a candidate who just got caught lying about his relationship with Nancy Pelosi, who is weak on Crime, Borders &amp, your 2nd Amendment-and wants to raise your Taxes (by a lot). Vote for Troy on Tuesday!
Will be going to Ohio tonight to campaign for Troy Balderson for the big Congressional Special Election on Tuesday. Early voting is on. Troy is strong on Crime, the Border &amp, loves our Military, Vets &amp, 2nd Amendment. His opponent is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi/high taxes.
Lebron James was just interviewed by the dumbest man on television, Don Lemon. He made Lebron look smart, which isn’t easy to do. I like Mike!
RT @seanhannity: https://t.co/RAVcGZwsiS
RT @VinceMcMahon: Grateful for our special #MakeAWish guest at @WWE HQ. Thanks for visiting us, Tyler ... and for making yourself comfortable...
...Dianne is the person leading our Nation on “Collusion” with Russia (only done by Dems). Will she now investigate herself? https://t.co/OG6l04bBwg
RT @WhiteHouse: “This is probably the most pro-active administration regarding urban America and the faith-based community in my lifetime....
RT @DRUDGE_REPORT: NYT editorial board member: 'Kill More Men,' 'F*ck The Police'... https://t.co/f7Vu1dycyi
RT @WhiteHouse: Under President Trump, the economy is roaring, jobs are soaring, and the American worker is seeing more money in their payc...
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Private payrolls boom in July, increasing by 219,000 vs 185,000 estimate: ADP” https://t.co/SeU9kGpima
RT @Scavino45: ✅”US workers see biggest pay, benefit increase in 10 years” https://t.co/eD9vxbBMBb
RT @Scavino45: .@POTUS @realDonaldTrump and @UFC’s @DanaWhite in the Oval Office earlier today at the @WhiteHouse.... https://t.co/JC9jPsn4...
RT @Scavino45: “Pro-Trump pastor: Trump is ‘the most pro-black’ president I've ever seen” https://t.co/5GoQOoeCP3
Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett on his book, “THE RUSSIA HOAX, THE ILLICIT SCHEME TO CLEAR HILLARY CLINTON AND FRAME DONALD TRUMP,” going to #1 on @nytimes and Amazon. It is indeed a HOAX and WITCH HUNT, illegally started by people who have already been disgraced. Great book!
Great photo from Ocean City, Maryland. Thank you. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/kILZz31yDJ
Almost 500,000 Manufacturing Jobs created since I won the Election. Remember when my opponents were saying that we couldn’t create this type of job anymore. Wrong, in fact these are among our best and most important jobs!
“The media are good news fire extinguishers!” @greggutfeld @TheFive
NASA, which is making a BIG comeback under the Trump Administration, has just named 9 astronauts for Boeing and Spacex space flights. We have the greatest facilities in the world and we are now letting the private sector pay to use them. Exciting things happening. Space Force!
July is just the ninth month since 1970 that unemployment has fallen below 4%. Our economy has added 3.7 million jobs since I won the Election. 4.1 GDP. More than 4 million people have received a pay raise due to tax reform. $400 Billion brought back from “overseas.” @FoxNews
Marsha Blackburn had a BIG win last night in the Tennessee primary for U.S. Senate. She is an outstanding person &amp, great supporter of mine. Congratulations Marsha, we need you very badly in the Senate to vote for our agenda. Your next opponent will vote against all we are doing!
“Pastor praises Trump as 'pro-black' at prison reform event” https://t.co/xFKf1arebx
RT @Rasmussen_Poll: Today’s @realDonaldTrump approval ratings among black voters: 29% This time last year: 15%https://t.co/mazBCWoIMy @...
Congratulations Marsha! https://t.co/JSMiOWfbxa
Congratulations to Bill Lee of Tennessee on his big primary win for Governor last night.  He ran a great campaign and now will finish off the job in November. Bill has my total and enthusiastic Endorsement!
Thank you Pennsylvania. I love you! https://t.co/qoswnBZb3f
They asked my daughter Ivanka whether or not the media is the enemy of the people. She correctly said no. It is the FAKE NEWS, which is a large percentage of the media, that is the enemy of the people!
Looking forward to being in the Great State of Ohio on Saturday night where I will be campaigning hard for a truly talented future Congressman, @Troy_Balderson. See you all then! Tickets: https://t.co/8UOykaI8uf https://t.co/jHdtAy5fgj
On my way to Tampa, Florida. Look forward to seeing everyone soon! https://t.co/BSB6IjBK7r
When the House and Senate meet on the very important Farm Bill – we love our farmers - hopefully they will be able to leave the WORK REQUIREMENTS FOR FOOD STAMPS PROVISION that the House approved. Senate should go to 51 votes!
Pennsylvania has to love Trump because unlike all of the others before me, I am bringing STEEL BACK in a VERY BIG way. Plants opening up in Pennsylvania, and all over the Country, and Congressman Lou Barletta, who is running for the Senate in Pennsylvania, is really helping!
Looking forward to being in the Great State of Pennsylvania where we had a tremendous victory in the Election. Will be campaigning hard for an original supporter, Lou Barletta, to replace a weak an ineffective Senator, Bob Casey. Lou is tough and smart, loves PA and our Country!
Congressman Steve Stivers of Ohio has done a fantastic job as Chairman of the @NRCC. He is a great Congressman who is tough on crime &amp, borders &amp, an inspiration to our Military &amp, Vets. Big on 2nd Amendment. Get out and vote for Steve on Aug 7th. He has my full &amp, total endorsement!
Working hard, thank you! https://t.co/pNXbFNcf8z
Wow, @foxandfriends is blowing away the competition in the morning ratings. Morning Joe is a dead show with very few people watching and sadly, Fake News CNN is also doing poorly. Too much hate and inaccurately reported stories - too predictable!
Charles Koch of Koch Brothers, who claims to be giving away millions of dollars to politicians even though I know very few who have seen this (?), now makes the ridiculous statement that what President Trump is doing is unfair to “foreign workers.” He is correct, AMERICA FIRST!
Thank you to Chairman Kim Jong Un for keeping your word &amp, starting the process of sending home the remains of our great and beloved missing fallen! I am not at all surprised that you took this kind action. Also, thank you for your nice letter - l look forward to seeing you soon!
Congratulations to  @GreggJarrett on The TREMENDOUS success of his just out book, “The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton &amp, Frame Donald Trump.” Already number one on Amazon. Hard work from a brilliant guy. It’s the Real Story of the Rigged Witch Hunt!
https://t.co/iSzJDM7CZw
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Worker pay rate hits highest level since 2008” https://t.co/pMDxHQqcg9
Incredibly beautiful ceremony as U.S. Korean War remains are returned to American soil. Thank you to Honolulu and all of our great Military participants on a job well done. A special thanks to Vice President Mike Pence on delivering a truly magnificent tribute!
“Private payrolls boom in July, increasing by 219,000 vs 185,000 estimate: ADP” https://t.co/SeU9kGpima
Join me tomorrow night at 7pmE in Wilkes-Barre Township, Pennsylvania for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY! Tickets: https://t.co/dR6EzS3Q8L https://t.co/c52kIxvdF7
#PledgeToAmericasWorkers https://t.co/qIJQfQ3bos
It was my great honor to be joined by leading pastors and faith leaders from across our Nation today at the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/6sS1zGA1p7
“We already have a smoking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent, it was Hillary Clinton. How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad?” Marc Thiessen, Washington Post
Looking back on history, who was treated worse, Alfonse Capone, legendary mob boss, killer and “Public Enemy Number One,” or Paul Manafort, political operative &amp, Reagan/Dole darling, now serving solitary confinement - although convicted of nothing? Where is the Russian Collusion?
“We already have a smocking gun about a campaign getting dirt on their opponent, it was Hillary Clinton. How is it OK for Hillary Clinton to proactively seek dirt from the Russians but the Trump campaign met at the Russians request and that is bad?” Marc Thiessen, Washington Post
Russian Collusion with the Trump Campaign, one of the most successful in history, is a TOTAL HOAX. The Democrats paid for the phony and discredited Dossier which was, along with Comey, McCabe, Strzok and his lover, the lovely Lisa Page, used to begin the Witch Hunt. Disgraceful!
Paul Manafort worked for Ronald Reagan, Bob Dole and many other highly prominent and respected political leaders. He worked for me for a very short time. Why didn’t government tell me that he was under investigation. These old charges have nothing to do with Collusion - a Hoax!
..This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this Rigged Witch Hunt right now, before it continues to stain our country any further. Bob Mueller is totally conflicted, and his 17 Angry Democrats that are doing his dirty work are a disgrace to USA!
.....remain in the FBI while he himself was being investigated. This is a real issue. It won’t go into a Mueller Report because Mueller is going to protect these guys. Mueller has an interest in creating the illusion of objectivity around his investigation.” ALAN DERSHOWITZ....
“FBI Agent Peter Strzok (on the Mueller team) should have recused himself on day one. He was out to STOP THE ELECTION OF DONALD TRUMP. He needed an insurance policy. Those are illegal, improper goals, trying to influence the Election. He should never, ever been allowed to........
RT @EricTrump: #Truth @Acosta https://t.co/aCfFoeqL1f
Thank you Florida. I love you!https://t.co/M5T81DZVUU
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump Delivers Remarks on Workforce Development https://t.co/nE2kMxkHyw
“Worker pay rate hits highest level since 2008” https://t.co/pMDxHQqcg9
...Border Security is National Security, and National Security is the long-term viability of our Country. A Government Shutdown is a very small price to pay for a safe and Prosperous America!
I don’t care what the political ramifications are, our immigration laws and border security have been a complete and total disaster for decades, and there is no way that the Democrats will allow it to be fixed without a Government Shutdown...
.@SenJohnBarrasso has a Primary on August 21st. He doesn’t need any help because he is absolutely outstanding in every way, but I hope the great people of Wyoming will go out and show their support anyway. John is absolutely top of the line &amp, has my Complete &amp, Total Endorsement!
Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support. David is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Get out and vote for David on Thursday, August 2nd. He has my Full and Total Endorsement!
The Fake News Media is going CRAZY! They are totally unhinged and in many ways, after witnessing first hand the damage they do to so many innocent and decent people, I enjoy watching. In 7 years, when I am no longer in office, their ratings will dry up and they will be gone!
Will be in Tampa tonight. A big year for @RepDeSantis, who will be a great governor for Florida. Strong on Crime, Borders and our 2nd Amendment. Big help on Tax &amp, Regulation Cuts. Loves our Military &amp, our Vets. Has my Full &amp, Total Endorsement!
I am looking into 3-D Plastic Guns being sold to the public. Already spoke to NRA, doesn’t seem to make much sense!
Collusion is not a crime, but that doesn’t matter because there was No Collusion (except by Crooked Hillary and the Democrats)!
One of the reasons we need Great Border Security is that Mexico’s murder rate in 2017 increased by 27% to 31,174 people killed, a record! The Democrats want Open Borders. I want Maximum Border Security and respect for ICE and our great Law Enforcement Professionals! @FoxNews
Rush Limbaugh is a great guy who truly gets it!
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@realDonaldTrump walks with Giuseppe Conte, Prime Minister of the Italy following a joint news conference in the East Ro...
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@realDonaldTrump pumps his fist after his new Secretary of Veterans Affairs  Robert Wilkie is sworn-in by @VP Mike Pence...
....them richer. Their network is highly overrated, I have beaten them at every turn. They want to protect their companies outside the U.S. from being taxed, I’m for America First &amp, the American Worker - a puppet for no one. Two nice guys with bad ideas. Make America Great Again!
The globalist Koch Brothers, who have become a total joke in real Republican circles, are against Strong Borders and Powerful Trade. I never sought their support because I don’t need their money or bad ideas. They love my Tax &amp, Regulation Cuts, Judicial picks &amp, more. I made.....
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/OnMGXvldVT
A highly respected Federal judge today stated that the “Trump Administration gets great credit” for reuniting illegal families. Thank you, and please look at the previous administrations record - not good!
Congratulations to our new @DeptVetAffairs Secretary, Robert Wilkie! https://t.co/6erqWJzuiK
Thank you to @RandPaul for your YES on a future great Justice of the Supreme Court, Brett Kavanaugh. Your vote means a lot to me, and to everyone who loves our Country!
...that Open Borders, large scale Crime, and abolishing ICE is good for them, we must get smart and finally do what must be done for the Safety and Security of our Country!
Illegal immigration is a top National Security problem. After decades of playing games, with the whole World laughing at the stupidity of our immigration laws, and with Democrats thinking...
Congratulations to Judge Jeanine on the tremendous success of her new #1 best-selling book, “Liars, Leakers, and Liberals – The Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy!”
RT @realDonaldTrump: ...John is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. He will be a star. He h...
RT @realDonaldTrump: .@JohnJamesMI, who is running in the Republican Primary in the great state of Michigan, is SPECTACULAR! Vote on August...
...your Social Security and Medicare! Cast your early vote, or vote on August 7th, Election Day. He has my full and total Endorsement!
.@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress - so important to the Republican Party. Troy is strong on crime and Borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. Troy will strongly protect...
Congratulations to General John Kelly. Today we celebrate his first full year as @WhiteHouse Chief of Staff! https://t.co/JWCaJ3GhHV
🇺🇸🇮🇹 https://t.co/1SSUCRtMEE
It is my great honor to welcome Prime Minister @GiuseppeConteIT of Italy to the @WhiteHouse! Join us at 2:00pmE for our joint press conference: https://t.co/XAchZ3zUSe https://t.co/5t4QVsKKqH
RT @GOPChairwoman: “David Burritt, U.S. Steel's president and CEO, said the company was experiencing a ‘renaissance’ and credited @realDona...
We must have Border Security, get rid of Chain, Lottery, Catch &amp, Release Sanctuary Cities - go to Merit based Immigration. Protect ICE and Law Enforcement and, of course, keep building, but much faster, THE WALL!
RT @Scavino45: “@realDonaldTrump tells @ICEgov agents: ‘We always will stand with you’” https://t.co/o1P17H7IVq
....Also, why is Mueller only appointing Angry Dems, some of whom have worked for Crooked Hillary, others, including himself, have worked for Obama....And why isn’t Mueller looking at all of the criminal activity &amp, real Russian Collusion on the Democrats side-Podesta, Dossier?
Is Robert Mueller ever going to release his conflicts of interest with respect to President Trump, including the fact that we had a very nasty &amp, contentious business relationship, I turned him down to head the FBI (one day before appointment as S.C.) &amp, Comey is his close friend..
There is No Collusion! The Robert Mueller Rigged Witch Hunt, headed now by 17 (increased from 13, including an Obama White House lawyer) Angry Democrats, was started by a fraudulent Dossier, paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. Therefore, the Witch Hunt is an illegal Scam!
...and the Amazon Washington Post do nothing but write bad stories even on very positive achievements - and they will never change!
...dying newspaper industry. No matter how much they try to distract and cover it up, our country is making great progress under my leadership and I will never stop fighting for the American people! As an example, the failing New York Times...
RT @Scavino45: “Former Harvard law students praise Kavanaugh in letter”https://t.co/1ihzCwPToF
...accurately. 90% of media coverage of my Administration is negative, despite the tremendously positive results we are achieving, it’s no surprise that confidence in the media is at an all time low! I will not allow our great country to be sold out by anti-Trump haters in the...
When the media - driven insane by their Trump Derangement Syndrome - reveals internal deliberations of our government, it  truly puts the lives of many, not just journalists, at risk! Very unpatriotic! Freedom of the press also comes with a responsibility to report the news...
I would be willing to “shut down” government if the Democrats do not give us the votes for Border Security, which includes the Wall! Must get rid of Lottery, Catch &amp, Release etc. and finally go to system of Immigration based on MERIT! We need great people coming into our Country!
The biggest and best results coming out of the good GDP report was that the quarterly Trade Deficit has been reduced by $52 Billion and, of course, the historically low unemployment numbers, especially for African Americans, Hispanics, Asians and Women.
Had a very good and interesting meeting at the White House with A.G. Sulzberger, Publisher of the New York Times. Spent much time talking about the vast amounts of Fake News being put out by the media &amp, how that Fake News has morphed into phrase, “Enemy of the People.” Sad!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support. David is strong...
RT @realDonaldTrump: The only things the Democrats do well is “Resist,” which is their campaign slogan, and “Obstruct.” Cryin’ Chuck Schume...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Democrats, who want Open Borders and care little about Crime, are incompetent, but they have the Fake News Media almos...
Please understand, there are consequences when people cross our Border illegally, whether they have children or not - and many are just using children for their own sinister purposes. Congress must act on fixing the DUMBEST &amp, WORST immigration laws anywhere in the world! Vote “R”
Do you think the Fake News Media will ever report on this tweet from Michael? https://t.co/kXLCKZO5Fr
Wow, highest Poll Numbers in the history of the Republican Party. That includes Honest Abe Lincoln and Ronald Reagan. There must be something wrong, please recheck that poll!
Tom Homan, fmr ICE Director: “There is nobody that has done more for border security &amp, public safety than President Trump. I’ve worked for six presidents, and I respect them all, but nobody has done more than this Administration &amp, President Trump, that’s just a stone cold fact!”
https://t.co/E3xvdUGZqa
Join me in Tampa, Florida next Tuesday, July 31st at 7:00pmE for a #MAGA Rally! Tickets: https://t.co/Q2PMyTACl8 https://t.co/URjvN8Owoe
The only things the Democrats do well is “Resist,” which is their campaign slogan, and “Obstruct.” Cryin’ Chuck Schumer has almost 400 great American people that are waiting “forever” to serve our Country! A total disgrace. Mitch M should not let them go home until all approved!
Democrats, who want Open Borders and care little about Crime, are incompetent, but they have the Fake News Media almost totally on their side!
Congressman David Kustoff has been a champion for the Trump Agenda - I greatly appreciate his support. David is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, Vets and Second Amendment. Get out and vote for David on Thursday, August 2nd. He has my full and total Endorsement!
Private business investment has surged from 1.8 percent the year BEFORE I came into office to 9.4 percent this year -- that means JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! https://t.co/evO63CpqPP
RT @SecretService: In Remembrance: Special Agent Nole E. Remagen. This week the U.S. Secret Service lost one of America’s finest. We ask fo...
The @USNavy’s first female Admiral, Alene Duerk once said: “It was a nice distinction to have, and to be recognized as the first, but I wanted to make certain that I used that notoriety to do as much positive as I could.” Alene did just that, and America is forever grateful! https://t.co/tOqkzqGVG7
We have accomplished an economic turnaround of HISTORIC proportions! https://t.co/vnmMtPv0kk
I am thrilled to announce that in the second quarter of this year, the U.S. Economy grew at the amazing rate of 4.1%! https://t.co/xeAPwAAOXN
.@Troy_Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress - so important to the Republican Party. Cast you early vote or vote on August 7th. Troy is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. He has my full and total Endorsement!
...John is strong on crime and borders, loves our Military, our Vets and our Second Amendment. He will be a star. He has my full and total Endorsement!
.@JohnJamesMI, who is running in the Republican Primary in the great state of Michigan, is SPECTACULAR! Vote on August 7th. Rarely have I seen a candidate with such great potential. West Point graduate, successful businessman and a African American leader...
GREAT GDP numbers just released. Will be having a news conference soon!
.....I did NOT know of the meeting with my son, Don jr. Sounds to me like someone is trying to make up stories in order to get himself out of an unrelated jam (Taxi cabs maybe?). He even retained Bill and Crooked Hillary’s lawyer. Gee, I wonder if they helped him make the choice!
95% Approval Rate in the Republican Party, a record! Thank you!
....,the only Collusion with Russia was with the Democrats, so now they are looking at my Tweets (along with 53 million other people) - the rigged Witch Hunt continues! How stupid and unfair to our Country....And so the Fake News doesn’t waste my time with dumb questions, NO,....
Arrived back in Washington last night from a very emotional reopening of a major U.S. Steel plant in Granite City, Illinois, only to be greeted with the ridiculous news that the highly conflicted Robert Mueller and his gang of 13 Angry Democrats obviously cannot find Collusion...
Way to go Jerry. This is what the league should do! https://t.co/yEP1jK57xi
The Remains of American Servicemen will soon be leaving North Korea and heading to the United States! After so many years, this will be a great moment for so many families. Thank you to Kim Jong Un.
America is OPEN FOR BUSINESS and U.S. Steel is back! https://t.co/lJTcr6JHBW
...called “The Case Against Impeaching Trump,” which I would encourage all people with Trump Derangement Syndrome to read!
.@AlanDersh, a brilliant lawyer, who although a Liberal Democrat who probably didn’t vote for me, has discussed the Witch Hunt with great clarity and in a very positive way. He has written a new and very important book...
PROMISES KEPT! https://t.co/vR2R5WXPVD
Thank you @U_S_Steel and Granite City, Illinois! https://t.co/6RsUvGF6rg
The United States will impose large sanctions on Turkey for their long time detainment of Pastor Andrew Brunson, a great Christian, family man and wonderful human being. He is suffering greatly. This innocent man of faith should be released immediately!
This is great - on my way, see you soon @IAGovernor Kim Reynolds! https://t.co/SXfkk12Uig
Heading to Dubuque, Iowa and then Granite City, Illinois. Looking  forward to being with many great friends!
Twitter “SHADOW BANNING” prominent Republicans. Not good. We will look into this discriminatory and illegal practice at once! Many complaints.
European Union representatives told me that they would start buying soybeans from our great farmers immediately. Also, they will be buying vast amounts of LNG!
Great to be back on track with the European Union. This was a big day for free and fair trade!
RT @Scavino45: “We met today...to launch a new phase in the relationship between the U.S. &amp, the EU – a phase of close friendship, of strong...
Thank you Georgia! They say that my endorsement last week of Brian Kemp, in the Republican Primary for Governor against a very worthy opponent, lifted him from 5 points down to a 70% to 30% victory! Two very good and talented men in a great race, but congratulations to Brian!
Obviously the European Union, as represented by @JunckerEU and the United States, as represented by yours truly, love each other! https://t.co/42ImacgCN0
...along quickly. European Union Nations will be open to the United States and at the same time benefiting by everything we are doing for them. There was great warmth and feeling in the room - a breakthrough has been quickly made that nobody thought possible!
Great meeting on Trade today with @JunckerEU and representatives of the European Union. We have come to a very strong understanding and are all believers in no tariffs, no barriers and no subsidies. Work on documents has already started and the process is moving...
Thank you very much, working hard! https://t.co/cSzbFfq2NW
...know how to do is resist and obstruct! This is why there is such hatred and dissension in our country – but at some point, it will heal!
Sergio Marchionne, who passed away today, was one of the most brilliant &amp, successful car executives since the days of the legendary Henry Ford. It was a great honor for me to get to know Sergio as POTUS, he loved the car industry, and fought hard for it. He will be truly missed!
This week, my Administration is hosting the first-ever #IRFMinisterial. The U.S. will continue to promote #ReligiousFreedom around the world. Nations that support religious freedom are far more free, prosperous &amp, peaceful. Great job, @VP, @SecPompeo, @IRF_Ambassador &amp, @StateDept!
The United States and the European Union have a $1 TRILLION bilateral trade relationship – the largest economic relationship in the world. We want to further strengthen this trade relationship to the benefit of all American and European citizens... https://t.co/4zlmEEtCpG
Congratulations to Brian Kemp on your very big win in Georgia last night. Wow, 69-30, those are big numbers. Now go win against the open border, crime loving opponent that the Democrats have given you. She is weak on Vets, the Military and the 2nd Amendment. Win!
What kind of a lawyer would tape a client? So sad! Is this a first, never heard of it before? Why was the tape so abruptly terminated (cut) while I was presumably saying positive things? I hear there are other clients and many reporters that are taped - can this be so? Too bad!
China is targeting our farmers, who they know I love &amp, respect, as a way of getting me to continue allowing them to take advantage of the U.S. They are being vicious in what will be their failed attempt. We were being nice - until now! China made $517 Billion on us last year.
RT @Scavino45: “Senate GOP breaks record on confirming Trump picks for key court” https://t.co/CB5Zsl5iSG
When you have people snipping at your heels during a negotiation, it will only take longer to make a deal, and the deal will never be as good as it could have been with unity. Negotiations are going really well, be cool. The end result will be worth it!
Every time I see a weak politician asking to stop Trade talks or the use of Tariffs to counter unfair Tariffs, I wonder, what can they be thinking? Are we just going to continue and let our farmers and country get ripped off?  Lost $817 Billion on Trade last year. No weakness!
“The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton &amp, Frame Donald Trump” is a Hot Seller, already Number One! More importantly, it is a great book that everyone is talking about. It covers the Rigged Witch Hunt brilliantly. Congratulations to Gregg Jarrett!
So sad and unfair that the FCC wouldn’t approve the Sinclair Broadcast merger with Tribune. This would have been a great and much needed Conservative voice for and of the People. Liberal Fake News NBC and Comcast gets approved, much bigger, but not Sinclair. Disgraceful!
The European Union is coming to Washington tomorrow to negotiate a deal on Trade. I have an idea for them. Both the U.S. and the E.U. drop all Tariffs, Barriers and Subsidies! That would finally be called Free Market and Fair Trade! Hope they do it, we are ready - but they won’t!
Today, it was my great honor to be in Kansas City, Missouri to pay tribute to the men and women who make FREEDOM possible! Thank you @VFWHQ! #VFWConvention https://t.co/E6TYsNmWO8
On the heels of the VERY successful launch of the @WhiteHouse National Council for the American Worker, Congress should reauthorize #PerkinsCTE and ensure the American workforce remains stronger than EVER! #Jobs #Workforce
I want to thank the @VFWHQ for your devotion to our fallen heroes, unknown soldiers, Prisoners of War, those Missing in Action, and their families. #VFWConvention https://t.co/15ygFhCudR
#VFWConvention @VFWHQ https://t.co/dBQx526axz
I’m very concerned that Russia will be fighting very hard to have an impact on the upcoming Election. Based on the fact that no President has been tougher on Russia than me, they will be pushing very hard for the Democrats. They definitely don’t want Trump!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Heading to Missouri to be with many of my great friends. VFW here we come!
Our Country is doing GREAT. Best financial numbers on the Planet. Great to have USA WINNING AGAIN!
Today is the day to vote for Brian Kemp. Will be great for Georgia, full Endorsement! https://t.co/yPND2bJ219
Tariffs are the greatest! Either a country which has treated the United States unfairly on Trade negotiates a fair deal, or it gets hit with Tariffs. It’s as simple as that - and everybody’s talking! Remember, we are the “piggy bank” that’s being robbed. All will be Great!
Countries that have treated us unfairly on trade for years are all coming to Washington to negotiate. This should have taken place many years ago but,as the saying goes, better late than never!
RT @DanScavino: “Coast Guard seizes $729M worth of cocaine from boats moving drugs from Central America to the US” https://t.co/R7fFD5BJTb
RT @DanScavino: “Lockheed Martin will add 400 workers to boost production of the F-35 fighter jet, the most expensive in U.S. history, afte...
#MadeInAmerica Showcase! https://t.co/rT0WIE99yP
Lou Barletta was one of my first supporters. He is tough on Crime and Borders. Will be a great Senator from Pennsylvania. His opponent is WEAK on Crime, ICE and Borders. We need Lou! https://t.co/dcMSi4CPfb
Robert will do a great job for our Vets. We also recently won Choice! https://t.co/hE0GDuCBET
....In my opinion the Washington Post is nothing more than an expensive (the paper loses a fortune) lobbyist for Amazon. Is it used as protection against antitrust claims which many feel should be brought?
The Amazon Washington Post has gone crazy against me ever since they lost the Internet Tax Case in the U.S. Supreme Court two months ago. Next up is the U.S. Post Office which they use, at a fraction of real cost, as their “delivery boy” for a BIG percentage of their packages....
A Rocket has not been launched by North Korea in 9 months. Likewise, no Nuclear Tests. Japan is happy, all of Asia is happy. But the Fake News is saying, without ever asking me (always anonymous sources), that I am angry because it is not going fast enough. Wrong, very happy!
When you hear the Fake News talking negatively about my meeting with President Putin, and all that I gave up, remember, I gave up NOTHING, we merely talked about future benefits for both countries. Also, we got along very well, which is a good thing, except for the Corrupt Media!
.....”Carter Page wasn’t a spy, wasn’t an agent of the Russians - he would have cooperated with the FBI. It was a fraud and a hoax designed to target Trump.” Tom Fitton @JudicialWatch A disgrace to America. They should drop the discredited Mueller Witch Hunt now!
....and the DOJ, FBI and Obama Gang need to be held to account. Source #1 was the major source. Avoided talking about it being the Clinton campaign behind it. Misled the Court to provide a pretext to SPY on the Trump Team. Not about Carter Page..was all about getting Trump.....
“It was classified to cover up misconduct by the FBI and the Justice Department in misleading the Court by using this Dossier in a dishonest way to gain a warrant to target the Trump Team. This is a Clinton Campaign document. It was a fraud and a hoax designed to target Trump....
So we now find out that it was indeed the unverified and Fake Dirty Dossier, that was paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC, that was knowingly &amp, falsely submitted to FISA and which was responsible for starting the totally conflicted and discredited Mueller Witch Hunt!
Tom Fitton on @foxandfriends at 6:15 A.M. NOW! Judicial Watch.
To Iranian President Rouhani: NEVER, EVER THREATEN THE UNITED STATES AGAIN OR YOU WILL SUFFER CONSEQUENCES THE LIKES OF WHICH FEW THROUGHOUT HISTORY HAVE EVER SUFFERED BEFORE. WE ARE NO LONGER A COUNTRY THAT WILL STAND FOR YOUR DEMENTED WORDS OF VIOLENCE &amp, DEATH. BE CAUTIOUS!
So President Obama knew about Russia before the Election. Why didn’t he do something about it? Why didn’t he tell our campaign? Because it is all a big hoax, that’s why, and he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win!!!
Happy Birthday @SenatorDole! https://t.co/MiVoB7qC6A
I had a GREAT meeting with Putin and the Fake News used every bit of their energy to try and disparage it. So bad for our country!
.@PeteHegseth on @FoxNews  “Source #1 was the (Fake) Dossier. Yes, the Dirty Dossier, paid for by Democrats as a hit piece against Trump, and looking for information that could discredit Candidate #1 Trump. Carter Page was just the foot to surveil the Trump campaign...” ILLEGAL!
Andrew McCarthy - “I said this could never happen. This is so bad that they should be looking at the judges who signed off on this stuff, not just the people who gave it. It is so bad it screams out at you.”  On the whole FISA scam which led to the rigged Mueller Witch Hunt!
Looking more &amp, more like the Trump Campaign for President was illegally being spied upon (surveillance) for the political gain of Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC. Ask her how that worked out - she did better with Crazy Bernie. Republicans must get tough now. An illegal Scam!
Congratulations to @JudicialWatch and @TomFitton on being successful in getting the Carter Page FISA documents. As usual they are ridiculously heavily redacted but confirm with little doubt that the Department of “Justice” and FBI misled the courts. Witch Hunt Rigged, a Scam!
Watching Los Angeles possible hostage situation very closely. Active barricaded suspect. L.A.P.D. working with Federal Law Enforcement.
Troy Balderson of Ohio is running for Congress against a Nancy Pelosi Liberal who is WEAK on Crime &amp, Borders. Troy is the total opposite, and loves our Military, Vets &amp, 2nd Amendment. EARLY VOTING just started with Election Day on August 7th. Troy has my Full &amp, Total Endorsement!
Brian Kemp, who is running for Governor of Georgia and has my full endorsement, is campaigning tonight with VP @mike_pence. Brian is very strong on Crime and Borders, LOVES our Military, Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He will be a GREAT Governor!
Brian Kemp, who is running for Governor of Georgia and has my full endorsement, is campaigning tonight with @MikePenceVP. Brian is very strong on Crime and Borders, LOVES our Military, Vets and the 2nd Amendment. He will be a GREAT Governor!
No Collusion, No Obstruction - but that doesn’t matter because the 13 Angry Democrats, who are only after Republicans and totally protecting Democrats, want this Witch Hunt to drag out to the November Election. Republicans better get smart fast and expose what they are doing!
The Rigged Witch Hunt, headed by the 13 Angry Democrats (and now 4 more have been added, one who worked directly for Obama W.H.), seems intent on damaging the Republican Party’s chances in the November Election. This Democrat excuse for losing the ‘16 Election never ends!
Inconceivable that the government would break into a lawyer’s office (early in the morning) - almost unheard of. Even more inconceivable that a lawyer would tape a client - totally unheard of &amp, perhaps illegal. The good news is that your favorite President did nothing wrong!
The NFL National Anthem Debate is alive and well again - can’t believe it! Isn’t it in contract that players must stand at attention, hand on heart? The $40,000,000 Commissioner must now make a stand. First time kneeling, out for game. Second time kneeling, out for season/no pay!
RT @IvankaTrump: .@WhiteHouse National Council for the American Worker together w/ the private sector is working to equip students + worker...
I got severely criticized by the Fake News Media for being too nice to President Putin. In the Old Days they would call it Diplomacy. If I was loud &amp, vicious, I would have been criticized for being too tough. Remember when they said I was too tough with Chairman Kim? Hypocrites!
RT @realDonaldTrump: I told you so! The European Union just slapped a Five Billion Dollar fine on one of our great companies, Google. They...
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Summit with Russia was a great success, except with the real enemy of the people, the Fake News Media. I look forw...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Will the Dems and Fake News ever learn? This is classic! https://t.co/kSX3ROI4QG
So important. Should have been done years ago! https://t.co/TFIqsaZWBt
RT @Scavino45: “More Winning: American Jobless Claims Drop to Lowest Level Since 1969” https://t.co/eBGUs7GlSU
Farmers have been on a downward trend for 15 years. The price of soybeans has fallen 50% since 5 years before the Election. A big reason is bad (terrible) Trade Deals with other countries. They put on massive Tariffs and Barriers. Canada charges 275% on Dairy. Farmers will WIN!
....The United States should not be penalized because we are doing so well. Tightening now hurts all that we have done. The U.S. should be allowed to recapture what was lost due to illegal currency manipulation and BAD Trade Deals. Debt coming due &amp, we are raising rates - Really?
China, the European Union and others have been manipulating their currencies and interest rates lower, while the U.S. is raising rates while the dollars gets stronger and stronger with each passing day - taking away our big competitive edge. As usual, not a level playing field...
My deepest sympathies to the families and friends of those involved in the terrible boat accident which just took place in Missouri. Such a tragedy, such a great loss. May God be with you all!
Will the Dems and Fake News ever learn? This is classic! https://t.co/kSX3ROI4QG
“Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES” https://t.co/T8MERS93wI
....proliferation, cyber attacks, trade, Ukraine, Middle East peace, North Korea and more. There are many answers, some easy and some hard, to these problems...but they can ALL be solved!
The Summit with Russia was a great success, except with the real enemy of the people, the Fake News Media. I look forward to our second meeting so that we can start implementing some of the many things discussed, including stopping terrorism, security for Israel, nuclear........
I told you so! The European Union just slapped a Five Billion Dollar fine on one of our great companies, Google. They truly have taken advantage of the U.S., but not for long!
“Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES.” Thank you to @foxandfriends and @FoxNews for actually showing the clips. The Fake News wants no part of that narrative! Too bad they don’t want to focus on all of the ECONOMIC and JOBS records being set.
The Fake News Media wants so badly to see a major confrontation with Russia, even a confrontation that could lead to war. They are pushing so recklessly hard and hate the fact that I’ll probably have a good relationship with Putin. We are doing MUCH better than any other country!
The Fake News Media is going Crazy! They make up stories without any backup, sources or proof. Many of the stories written about me, and the good people surrounding me, are total fiction. Problem is, when you complain you just give them more publicity. But I’ll complain anyway!
The Democrats have a death wish, in more ways than one - they actually want to abolish ICE. This should cost them heavily in the Midterms. Yesterday, the Republicans overwhelmingly passed a bill supporting ICE!
Thank you to Novartis for not increasing your prices on prescription drugs. Likewise to Pfizer. We are making a big push to actually reduce the prices, maybe substantially, on prescription drugs.
A total disgrace that Turkey will not release a respected U.S. Pastor, Andrew Brunson, from prison. He has been held hostage far too long. @RT_Erdogan should do something to free this wonderful Christian husband &amp, father. He has done nothing wrong, and his family needs him!
RT @SecAzar: .@POTUS has made clear that it’s time for drug companies to put American Patients First — Novartis halting its prescription dr...
The two biggest opponents of ICE in America today are the Democratic Party and MS-13!
Thank you to Congressman Kevin Yoder! He secured $5 BILLION for Border Security. Now we need Congress to support. Kevin has been strong on Crime, the Border, the 2nd Amendment, and he loves our Military and Vets. @RepKevinYoder has my full and total endorsement!
Brian Kemp is running for Governor of the great state of Georgia. The Primary is on Tuesday. Brian is tough on crime, strong on the border and illegal immigration. He loves our Military and our Vets and protects our Second Amendment. I give him my full and total endorsement.
Just arrived in West Virginia! https://t.co/yjI0Xl5rMh
3.4 million jobs created since our great Election Victory - far greater than ever anticipated, and only getting better as new and greatly improved Trade Deals start coming to fruition!
Some people HATE the fact that I got along well with President Putin of Russia. They would rather go to war than see this. It’s called Trump Derangement Syndrome!
“A lot of Democrats wished they voted for the Tax Cuts because the economy is booming - we could have 4% growth now and the Fed said yesterday that unemployment could drop again.”  @foxandfriends  @kilmeade
Congratulations to Martha Roby of The Great State of Alabama on her big GOP Primary win for Congress. My endorsement came appropriately late, but when it came the “flood gates” opened and you had the kind of landslide victory that you deserve. Enjoy!
RT @realDonaldTrump: The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Admini...
....Russia has agreed to help with North Korea, where relationships with us are very good and the process is moving along. There is no rush, the sanctions remain! Big benefits and exciting future for North Korea at end of process!
While the NATO meeting in Brussels was an acknowledged triumph, with billions of dollars more being put up by member countries at a faster pace, the meeting with Russia may prove to be, in the long run, an even greater success. Many positive things will come out of that meeting..
So many people at the higher ends of intelligence loved my press conference performance in Helsinki. Putin and I discussed many important subjects at our earlier meeting. We got along well which truly bothered many haters who wanted to see a boxing match. Big results will come!
“Prosperity is returning. Donald Trump is doing exactly what he said he would do as a candidate, now as the most effective president, the most successful president, in modern American history.” Thank you to the great Lou Dobbs!
The Democrats want to abolish ICE, which will mean more crime in our country. I want to give ICE a big cheer! Vote Republican in November.
The meeting between President Putin and myself was a great success, except in the Fake News Media!
The economy of the United States is stronger than ever before!
Thank you @RandPaul. “The President has gone through a year and a half of totally partisan investigations - what’s he supposed to think?”
While I had a great meeting with NATO, raising vast amounts of money, I had an even better meeting with Vladimir Putin of Russia. Sadly, it is not being reported that way - the Fake News is going Crazy!
I had a great meeting with NATO. They have paid $33 Billion more and will pay hundreds of Billions of Dollars more in the future, only because of me. NATO was weak, but now it is strong again (bad for Russia). The media only says I was rude to leaders, never mentions the money!
Thank you @RandPaul, you really get it! “The President has gone through a year and a half of totally partisan investigations - what’s he supposed think?”
Will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9pmE and @TuckerCarlson tomorrow night at 8pmE. Enjoy!
A productive dialogue is not only good for the United States and good for Russia, but it is good for the world. #HELSINKI2018 https://t.co/Q2Y1PhM9au
I would rather take a political risk in pursuit of peace, than to risk peace in pursuit of politics. #HELSINKI2018 https://t.co/XdlrJWLPIh
As I said today and many times before, “I have GREAT confidence in MY intelligence people.” However, I also recognize that in order to build a brighter future, we cannot exclusively focus on the past – as the world’s two largest nuclear powers, we must get along! #HELSINKI2018
Thank you Helsinki, Finland! https://t.co/rh4NUjPSwU
Joint Press Conference from Helsinki, Finland: https://t.co/fadLMDuGiY
It was an honor to join you this morning. Thank you! https://t.co/NOUTroe8MV
Our relationship with Russia has NEVER been worse thanks to many years of U.S. foolishness and stupidity and now, the Rigged Witch Hunt!
President Obama thought that Crooked Hillary was going to win the election, so when he was informed by the FBI about Russian Meddling, he said it couldn’t happen, was no big deal, &amp, did NOTHING about it. When I won it became a big deal and the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by Strzok!
Received many calls from leaders of NATO countries thanking me for helping to bring them together and to get them focused on financial obligations, both present &amp, future. We had a truly great Summit that was inaccurately covered by much of the media. NATO is now strong &amp, rich!
RT @SecPompeo: Landed in #Finland for #helsinki2018 where @POTUS &amp, Prez Putin are set to discuss US/Russian relations. POTUS meeting is in...
RT @Scavino45: President @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS Melania are wheels down in Helsinki, Finland...photo via motorcade en route to hotel....
Congratulations to France, who played extraordinary soccer, on winning the 2018 World Cup. Additionally, congratulations to President Putin and Russia for putting on a truly great World Cup Tournament -- one of the best ever!
Thank you so much CLUB 45. You are truly Great Americans. See you in Florida! https://t.co/0NuayEXEPn
...over the years, I would return to criticism that it wasn’t good enough – that I should have gotten Saint Petersburg in addition! Much of our news media is indeed the enemy of the people and all the Dems...
Heading to Helsinki, Finland – looking forward to meeting with President Putin tomorrow. Unfortunately, no matter how well I do at the Summit, if I was given the great city of Moscow as retribution for all of the sins and evils committed by Russia...
There hasn’t been a missile or rocket fired in 9 months in North Korea, there have been no nuclear tests and we got back our hostages. Who knows how it will all turn out in the end, but why isn’t the Fake News talking about these wonderful facts? Because it is FAKE NEWS!
Thank you Kevin for the nice words! https://t.co/DfY1V38EhD
RT @Scavino45: “Criminal Illegal Alien Deported 11 Times Attacked Woman with Chainsaw, @ICEgov Says”https://t.co/wU7rk1OOzj
RT @Scavino45: “Asylum-Seeking Central American Discovered to Be MS-13 Gang Member” https://t.co/76ZizQSNKI
RT @Scavino45: “MS-13 Gang Member Arrested Again After 4 Deportations” https://t.co/wuNqERJmPN
RT @Scavino45: “About 1-in-5 illegal alien adults crossing the United States-Mexico border with toddlers under the age of five are either c...
RT @Scavino45: “Mike Pence op-ed: Trump White House phenomenally successful”https://t.co/L2WaPpxxgg
RT @realDonaldTrump: These Russian individuals did their work during the Obama years. Why didn’t Obama do something about it?  Because he t...
RT @Scavino45: “Texas grand jury indicts MS-13 gang members after machete attacks” https://t.co/GGTCEDOcVh
These Russian individuals did their work during the Obama years. Why didn’t Obama do something about it?  Because he thought Crooked Hillary Clinton would win, that’s why. Had nothing to do with the Trump Administration, but Fake News doesn’t want to report the truth, as usual!
Our prayers are with those affected by the flooding in Japan. We commend the rescue efforts and offer condolences to all who were injured or lost loved ones. https://t.co/AIgJMyT7qS
....Remember, it was Little Jeff Z and his people, who are told exactly what to say, who said I could not win the election in that “there was no way to 270” (over &amp, over again) in the Electoral College. I got 306! They were sooooo wrong in their election coverage. Still hurting!
So funny! I just checked out Fake News CNN, for the first time in a long time (they are dying in the ratings), to see if they covered my takedown yesterday of Jim Acosta (actually a nice guy). They didn’t! But they did say I already lost in my meeting with Putin. Fake News......
The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Administration. Why didn’t they do something about it, especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September, before the Election?
....Where is the DNC Server, and why didn’t the FBI take possession of it? Deep State?
The stories you heard about the 12 Russians yesterday took place during the Obama Administration, not the Trump Administrations. Why didn’t they do something about it, especially when it was reported that President Obama was informed by the FBI in September, before the Election?
The Stock Market hit 25,000 yesterday. Jobs are at an all time record - and that is before we fix some of the worst trade deals and conditions ever seen by any government. It is all happening!
I have arrived in Scotland and will be at Trump Turnberry for two days of meetings, calls and hopefully, some golf - my primary form of exercise! The weather is beautiful, and this place is incredible! Tomorrow I go to Helsinki for a Monday meeting with Vladimir Putin.
This is now changing - for the first time! https://t.co/bRgrMbdDPp
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....On top of it all, Germany just started paying Russia, the country they want protection from, Billions of Dollars f...
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Trump has been the most consequential president in history when it comes to minority employment. In June, for instanc...
🇺🇸🇬🇧 https://t.co/CwnBfe3smd
Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Theresa May...https://t.co/XQLkayYKlM
RT @MagaGoldHat: @RonDeSantisFL event July 18 th in Orlando with @DonaldJTrumpJr https://t.co/C5B5UwQZXa
Congressman Matt Gaetz of Florida is one of the finest and most talented people in Congress. Strong on Crime, the Border, Illegal Immigration, the 2nd Amendment, our great Military &amp, Vets, Matt worked tirelessly on helping to get our Massive Tax Cuts. He has my Full Endorsement!
Great success today at NATO! Billions of additional dollars paid by members since my election. Great spirit!
A very nice note from Chairman Kim of North Korea. Great progress being made! https://t.co/6NI6AqL0xt
“Trump has been the most consequential president in history when it comes to minority employment. In June, for instance, the unemployment rate for Hispanics and Latinos 16 years and older fell to 4.6%, its lowest level ever, from 4.9% in May.” https://t.co/ex9jizOyAV
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a record. Thank you!
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@realDonaldTrump &amp, @FLOTUS walk off Air Force One as they arrive at London Stansted Airport in Stansted, England. https:...
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@realDonaldTrump's shadow is reflected on the wall as he makes a statement and answers questions as he departs the NATO...
Thank you #NATO2018! https://t.co/nk85QBv1u7
#NATOSummit2018 Press Conference in Brussels, Belgium:https://t.co/iEOeGV6YBI
RT @FLOTUS: I had a wonderful visit to @WRBethesda today.  Thank you to the many dedicated service members &amp, medical staff who take such go...
....On top of it all, Germany just started paying Russia, the country they want protection from, Billions of Dollars for their Energy needs coming out of a new pipeline from Russia. Not acceptable! All NATO Nations must meet their 2% commitment, and that must ultimately go to 4%!
Presidents have been trying unsuccessfully for years to get Germany and other rich NATO Nations to pay more toward their protection from Russia. They pay only a fraction of their cost. The U.S. pays tens of Billions of Dollars too much to subsidize Europe, and loses Big on Trade!
As I head out to a very important NATO meeting, I see that FBI Lover/Agent Lisa Page is dodging a Subpoena &amp, is refusing to show up and testify. What can she possibly say about her statements and lies. So much corruption on the other side. Where is the Attorney General? @FoxNews
Billions of additional dollars are being spent by NATO countries since my visit last year, at my request, but it isn’t nearly enough. U.S. spends too much. Europe’s borders are BAD! Pipeline dollars to Russia are not acceptable!
How can the Rigged Witch Hunt proceed when it was started, influenced and worked on, for an extended period of time, by former FBI Agent/Lover Peter Strzok? Read his hate filled and totally biased Emails and the answer is clear!
Ex-FBI LAYER Lisa Page today defied a House of Representatives issued Subpoena to testify before Congress! Wow, but is anybody really surprised!  Together with her lover, FBI Agent Peter Strzok, she worked on the Rigged Witch Hunt, perhaps the most tainted and corrupt case EVER!
RT @realDonaldTrump: What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are there only 5 out of 29 c...
RT @Scavino45: President @realDonaldTrump and President @EmmanuelMacron of France meeting earlier today at #NATOSummit2018 in Brussels, Bel...
RT @Scavino45: President @realDonaldTrump meets with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, along with their respective delegations at #NATOS...
RT @realDonaldTrump: ...things up, better than ever before, but it can’t go too quickly. I am fighting for a level playing field for our fa...
RT @realDonaldTrump: I am in Brussels, but always thinking about our farmers. Soy beans fell 50% from 2012 to my election. Farmers have don...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Democrats in Congress must no longer Obstruct - vote to fix our terrible Immigration Laws now. I am watching what is g...
RT @Scavino45: President Donald J. Trump and First Lady Melania Trump participate in the Tri-Mission Embassy Meet and Greet Wednesday, July...
If the Democrats want to win Supreme Court and other Court picks, don’t Obstruct and Resist, but rather do it the good ol’ fashioned way, WIN ELECTIONS!
What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are there only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment? The U.S. is paying for Europe’s protection, then loses billions on Trade. Must pay 2% of GDP IMMEDIATELY, not by 2025.
What good is NATO if Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for gas and energy? Why are their only 5 out of 29 countries that have met their commitment? The U.S. is paying for Europe’s protection, then loses billions on Trade. Must pay 2% of GDP IMMEDIATELY, not by 2025.
Democrats in Congress must no longer Obstruct - vote to fix our terrible Immigration Laws now. I am watching what is going on from Europe - it would be soooo simple to fix. Judges run the system and illegals and traffickers know how it works. They are just using children!
...things up, better than ever before, but it can’t go too quickly. I am fighting for a level playing field for our farmers, and will win!
I am in Brussels, but always thinking about our farmers. Soy beans fell 50% from 2012 to my election. Farmers have done poorly for 15 years. Other countries’ trade barriers and tariffs have been destroying their businesses. I will open...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Bilateral Breakfast with NATO Secretary General in Brussels, Belgium... https://t.co/l0EP3lzhCM
Bilateral Breakfast with NATO Secretary General in Brussels, Belgium... https://t.co/l0EP3lzhCM
Just talked with Pfizer CEO and @SecAzar on our drug pricing blueprint. Pfizer is rolling back price hikes, so American patients don’t pay more. We applaud Pfizer for this decision and hope other companies do the same. Great news for the American people!
The European Union makes it impossible for our farmers and workers and companies to do business in Europe (U.S. has a $151 Billion trade deficit), and then they want us to happily defend them through NATO, and nicely pay for it. Just doesn’t work!
A recent Emerson College ePoll said that most Americans, especially Hispanics, feel that they are better off under President Trump than they were under President Obama.
Many countries in NATO, which we are expected to defend, are not only short of their current commitment of 2% (which is low), but are also delinquent for many years in payments that have not been made. Will they reimburse the U.S.?
Informing the Republican Senators of my nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh. #SCOTUS https://t.co/O5cAaVAtQt
RT @Scavino45: Last week after visiting FLOTUS Melania, POTUS Trump went to visit wounded HEROES at Walter Reed Medical Center. He told the...
I am on Air Force One flying to NATO and hear reports that the FBI lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are getting cold feet on testifying about  the Rigged Witch Hunt headed by 13 Angry Democrats and people that worked for Obama for 8 years. Total disgrace!
On behalf of the United States, congratulations to the Thai Navy SEALs and all on the successful rescue of the 12 boys and their coach from the treacherous cave in Thailand. Such a beautiful moment - all freed, great job!
Thank you to all of my great supporters, really big progress being made. Other countries wanting to fix crazy trade deals. Economy is ROARING. Supreme Court pick getting GREAT REVIEWS. New Poll says Trump, at over 90%, is the most popular Republican in history of the Party. Wow!
RT @ShennaFoxxx: @realDonaldTrump #TrumpUKVisit🇬🇧 To the 45th @POTUS Donald J Trump @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP The British people are looking f...
NATO countries must pay MORE, the United States must pay LESS. Very Unfair!
Getting ready to leave for Europe. First meeting - NATO. The U.S. is spending many times more than any other country in order to protect them. Not fair to the U.S. taxpayer. On top of that we lose $151 Billion on Trade with the European Union. Charge us big Tariffs (&amp, Barriers)!
RT @KatrinaPierson: The stupidity of the left was on full display in Oakland. The #AbolishICE protest was actually the execution of a warra...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Iranian Harassment of U.S. Warships:2015: 222016: 362017: 142018: 0Source: @USNavy
RT @Scavino45: “The Rule of Law is our Nation’s proud heritage. It is the cornerstone of our Freedom. It is what guarantees equal justice -...
RT @Scavino45: Judge Brett Kavanaugh watches with his family as President Donald J. Trump signs the document Monday evening, July 9, 2018,...
Tonight, it was my honor and privilege to nominate Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the United States Supreme Court. #SCOTUS https://t.co/97clc9zifm
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump Announces the Nominee for Associate Justice of the Supreme Court https://t.co/rVMTOMpurr
HAPPY 100TH BIRTHDAY to our amazing current and former Army Warrant Officers. Thank you for your century of service, as the indispensable guardians of our great @USArmy’s technology! #CenturyOfService https://t.co/hD42XseaTG
Pfizer &amp, others should be ashamed that they have raised drug prices for no reason. They are merely taking advantage of the poor &amp, others unable to defend themselves, while at the same time giving bargain basement prices to other countries in Europe &amp, elsewhere. We will respond!
The failing NY Times Fake News story today about breast feeding must be called out. The U.S. strongly supports breast feeding but we don’t believe women should be denied access to formula. Many women need this option because of malnutrition and poverty.
I have confidence that Kim Jong Un will honor the contract we signed &amp,, even more importantly, our handshake. We agreed to the denuclearization of North Korea. China, on the other hand, may be exerting negative pressure on a deal because of our posture on Chinese Trade-Hope Not!
I have long heard that the most important decision a U.S. President can make is the selection of a Supreme Court Justice - Will be announced tonight at 9:00 P.M.
...Europe far more than it does the U.S. By some accounts, the U.S. is paying for 90% of NATO, with many countries nowhere close to their 2% commitment. On top of this the European Union has a Trade Surplus of $151 Million with the U.S., with big Trade Barriers on U.S. goods. NO!
The United States is spending far more on NATO than any other Country. This is not fair, nor is it acceptable. While these countries have been increasing their contributions since I took office, they must do much more. Germany is at 1%, the U.S. is at 4%, and NATO benefits.......
They just didn't get it, but they do now! https://t.co/9T50NupkDy
Looking forward to announcing my final decision on the United States Supreme Court Justice at 9:00pmE tomorrow night at the @WhiteHouse. An exceptional person will be chosen!
Iranian Harassment of U.S. Warships:2015: 222016: 362017: 142018: 0Source: @USNavy
RT @CortesSteve: Today's report: Hispanic jobs hit another record, unemployment at an all-time low. Of 9 months in history under 5% jobless...
The U.S. is working very closely with the Government of Thailand to help get all of the children out of the cave and to safety. Very brave and talented people!
The Rigged Witch Hunt, originally headed by FBI lover boy Peter S (for one year) &amp, now, 13 Angry Democrats, should look into the missing DNC Server, Crooked Hillary’s illegally deleted Emails, the Pakistani Fraudster, Uranium One, Podesta &amp, so much more. It’s a Democrat Con Job!
Our great First Lady is doing really well. Will be leaving hospital in 2 or 3 days. Thank you for so much love and support!
Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the “Special” Counsel because the public understands that there was no  Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous), that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation &amp, that the only Collusion was with the Dems!
Big week next week when the American Embassy in Israel will be moved to Jerusalem. Congratulations to all!
Public opinion has turned strongly against the Rigged Witch Hunt and the “Special” Councel because the public understands that there was no  Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous), that the two FBI lovers were a fraud against our Nation &amp, that the only Collusion was with the Dems!
Big decision will soon be made on our next Justice of the Supreme Court!
Twitter is getting rid of fake accounts at a record pace. Will that include the Failing New York Times and propaganda machine for Amazon, the Washington Post, who constantly quote anonymous sources that, in my opinion, don’t exist - They will both be out of business in 7 years!
RT @Scavino45: “Six months in, TAX CUTS are already providing historic gains for minorities, women, and small businesses” https://t.co/a54B...
RT @Scavino45: “ICE says it seized $43M worth of counterfeit items in Laredo, Texas”https://t.co/d6X8uKkHWd
RT @DanScavino: “When they lose, Democrats just want to change the rules” https://t.co/L9sYIwYLd2
RT @Scavino45: “Hispanic-Latino Unemployment Rate Hits Lowest Level on Record in June” https://t.co/27VkUgSVso
Just won lawsuit filed by the DNC and a bunch of Democrat crazies trying to claim the Trump Campaign (and others), colluded with Russia. They haven’t figured out that this was an excuse for them losing the election!
Thanks to REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP, America is WINNING AGAIN - and America is being RESPECTED again all over the world. Because we are finally putting AMERICA FIRST!
Every day, the brave men and women of ICE are liberating communities from savage gangs like MS-13. We will NOT stand for these vile Democrat smears in law enforcement. We will always stand proudly with the BRAVE HEROES of ICE and BORDER PATROL!
A vote for Democrats in November is a vote to let MS-13 run wild in our communities, to let drugs pour into our cities, and to take jobs and benefits away from hardworking Americans. Democrats want anarchy, amnesty and chaos - Republicans want LAW, ORDER and JUSTICE!
It was my great honor to join proud, hardworking American Patriots in Montana tonight. I love you - thank you! #MAGA https://t.co/475ct7hW3D
...on Monday assume duties as the acting Administrator of the EPA. I have no doubt that Andy will continue on with our great and lasting EPA agenda. We have made tremendous progress and the future of the EPA is very bright!
I have accepted the resignation of Scott Pruitt as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Within the Agency Scott has done an outstanding job, and I will always be thankful to him for this. The Senate confirmed Deputy at EPA, Andrew Wheeler, will...
Congress - FIX OUR INSANE IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW!
.....Country being forced to endure a long and costly trial. Tell the people “OUT,” and they must leave, just as they would if they were standing on your front lawn. Hiring thousands of “judges” does not work and is not acceptable - only Country in the World that does this!
Congress must pass smart, fast and reasonable Immigration Laws now. Law Enforcement at the Border is doing a great job, but the laws they are forced to work with are insane. When people, with or without children, enter our Country, they must be told to leave without our........
Happy Birthday, America! https://t.co/SIi6xXsfof
The OPEC Monopoly must remember that gas prices are up &amp, they are doing little to help. If anything, they are driving prices higher as the United States defends many of their members for very little $’s. This must be a two way street. REDUCE PRICING NOW!
https://t.co/ue5JEZy85v
Happy Fourth of July....Our Country is doing GREAT!
Tomorrow, families across our Nation will gather to celebrate the Fourth of July. As we do, we will think of the men &amp, women serving overseas at this very moment, far away from their families, protecting America - &amp, we will thank GOD for blessing us with these incredible HEROES! https://t.co/FQ1D7oEta2
...has endured because of the sweat, blood and sacrifice of the American Armed Forces – the greatest force for peace and justice in the history of the world!
Tonight we gathered to celebrate the courageous men and women who make freedom possible: our brave service members, and our wonderful Veterans. For 242 years, American Independence...
Thank you, @WVGovernor Jim Justice, for that warm introduction. Tonight, it was my great honor to attend the “Greenbrier Classic – Salute to Service Dinner” in West Virginia! God Bless our Veterans. God Bless America - and HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY TO ALL! https://t.co/V35qvCN8m6
RT @FLOTUS: I had a wonderful visit to @WRBethesda today.  Thank you to the many dedicated service members &amp, medical staff who take such go...
After having written many best selling books, and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write, it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pore over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis, not b/c they should be capitalized!
The Washington Post is constantly quoting “anonymous sources” that do not exist. Rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for. They are a disgrace to journalism but then again, so are many others!
Heading to West Virginia to be with my friend, @WVGovernor Jim Justice, at his beautiful Greenbrier Resort. He works hard, does a great job, and raises lots of money for charities!
After having written many best selling books, and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write, it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pour over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis, not b/c they should be capitalized!
The Washington Post is constantly quoting “anonymous sources” that do not exist. Rarely do they use the name of anyone because there is no one to give them the kind of negative quote that they are looking for. They are a discgrace to journalism but then again, so are many others!
Wow! The NSA has deleted 685 million phone calls and text messages. Privacy violations? They blame technical irregularities. Such a disgrace. The Witch Hunt continues!
Now that Harley-Davidson is moving part of its operation out of the U.S., my Administration is working with other Motor Cycle companies who want to move into the U.S. Harley customers are not happy with their move - sales are down 7% in 2017. The U.S. is where the Action is!
Just out that the Obama Administration granted citizenship, during the terrible Iran Deal negotiation, to 2,500 Iranians - including to government officials. How big (and bad) is that?
Many good conversations with North Korea-it is going well! In the meantime, no Rocket Launches or Nuclear Testing in 8 months. All of Asia is thrilled. Only the Opposition Party, which includes the Fake News, is complaining. If not for me, we would now be at War with North Korea!
How can the Democrats, who are weak on the Border and weak on Crime, do well in November. The people of our Country want and demand Safety and Security, while the Democrats are more interested in  ripping apart and demeaning (and not properly funding) our great Law Enforcement!
When we have an “infestation” of MS-13 GANGS in certain parts of our country, who do we send to get them out? ICE! They are tougher and smarter than these rough criminal elelments that bad immigration laws allow into our country. Dems do not appreciate the great job they do! Nov.
The economy is doing perhaps better than ever before, and that’s prior to fixing some of the worst and most unfair Trade Deals ever made by any country. In any event, they are coming along very well. Most countries agree that they must be changed, but nobody ever asked!
I interviewed 4 very impressive people yesterday. On Monday I will be announcing my decision for Justice of the United States Supreme Court!
Crazy Maxine Waters, said by some to be one of the most corrupt people in politics, is rapidly becoming, together with Nancy Pelosi, the FACE of the Democrat Party. Her ranting and raving, even referring to herself as a wounded animal, will make people flee the Democrats!
Many Democrats are deeply concerned about the fact that their “leadership” wants to denounce and abandon the great men and women of ICE, thereby declaring war on Law &amp, Order. These people will be voting for Republicans in November and, in many cases, joining the Republican Party!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Mark Rutte of the Netherlands, to the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/Zn6ZLM0tzy
RT @DHSgov: Today, DHS, @CBP, and @ICEgov will be sharing stories of the brave men and women who put their lives on the line every day with...
Congratulations to Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador on becoming the next President of Mexico. I look very much forward to working with him. There is much to be done that will benefit both the United States and Mexico!
RT @larryelder: BEWARE! #TrumpDerangementSyndrome can be career ending. https://t.co/qm86ya6PlJ
A big week, especially with our numerous victories in the Supreme Court. Heading back to the White House now. Focus will be on the selection of a new Supreme Court Justice. Exciting times for our country. Economy may be stronger than it has ever been!
The Liberal Left, also known as the Democrats, want to get rid of ICE, who do a fantastic job, and want Open Borders. Crime would be rampant and uncontrollable! Make America Great Again
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on @FoxNews
When people come into our Country illegally, we must IMMEDIATELY escort them back out without going through years of legal maneuvering. Our laws are the dumbest anywhere in the world. Republicans want Strong Borders and no Crime. Dems want Open Borders and are weak on Crime!
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on Sunday on @FoxNews at 10:00 A. M. Enjoy!
Either we need to elect more Republicans in November or Republicans must end the ridiculous 60 vote, or Filibuster, rule - or better yet, do both. Cryin’ Chuck would do it on day one, but we’ll never give him the chance. Some great legislation awaits - be smart!
I never pushed the Republicans in the House to vote for the Immigration Bill, either GOODLATTE 1 or 2, because it could never have gotten enough Democrats as long as there is the 60 vote threshold. I released many prior to the vote knowing we need more Republicans to win in Nov.
It's time for another #MAGA rally. Join me in Duluth, Minnesota on Wednesday, June 20th at 6:30pm!Tickets➜https://t.co/mhhJB9erdd https://t.co/T6eXenoSxT
A friend of mine and a man who has truly seen politics and life as few others ever will, Sean Spicer, has written a great new book, “The Briefing: Politics, the Press and the President.” It is a story told with both heart and knowledge. Really good, go get it!
I will be making my choice for Justice of the United States Supreme Court on the first Monday after the July 4th Holiday, July 9th!
Just spoke to King Salman of Saudi Arabia and explained to him that, because of the turmoil &amp, disfunction in Iran and Venezuela, I am asking that Saudi Arabia increase oil production, maybe up to 2,000,000 barrels, to make up the difference...Prices to high! He has agreed!
To the great and brave men and women of ICE, do not worry or lose your spirit. You are doing a fantastic job of keeping us safe by eradicating the worst criminal elements. So brave! The radical left Dems want you out. Next it will be all police. Zero chance, It will never happen!
The Democrats are making a strong push to abolish ICE, one of the smartest, toughest and most spirited law enforcement groups of men and women that I have ever seen. I have watched ICE liberate towns from the grasp of MS-13 &amp, clean out the toughest of situations. They are great!
RT @DanScavino: “@GovMikeHuckabee: Trump could nominate Moses for Supreme Court and Democrats would fight it” https://t.co/5wx3nVJxvF
RT @realDonaldTrump: Six months after our TAX CUTS, more than 6 MILLION workers have received bonuses, pay raises, and retirement account c...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Before going any further today, I want to address the horrific shooting that took place yesterday at the Capital Gazet...
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you @SecPompeo. It was an honor to join you and your talented, passionate colleagues at @StateDept to honor the her...
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you Senator Alexander for your leadership on career + technical education. 11+ million students and workers across o...
The new plant being built by Foxconn in Wisconsin is incredible. Congratulations to the people of Wisconsin and to Governor Scott Walker @GovWalker and his talented representatives for having pulled it off. Great job!
"RT @FoxBusiness: .@IvankaTrump: ""I think one of the tremendous opportunities that were seeing because the economy is so strong is that peop..."
RT @Scavino45: “@ICEgov New York operation leads to arrests of 3 dozen Darknet vendors selling illicit goods, weapons, drugs seized and mor...
Six months after our TAX CUTS, more than 6 MILLION workers have received bonuses, pay raises, and retirement account contributions.#TaxCutsandJobsAct https://t.co/MevjwIINGU
Before going any further today, I want to address the horrific shooting that took place yesterday at the Capital Gazette newsroom in Annapolis, Maryland. This attack shocked the conscience of our Nation, and filled our hearts with grief... https://t.co/LALXGhk04b
Prior to departing Wisconsin, I was briefed on the shooting at Capital Gazette in Annapolis, Maryland. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families. Thank you to all of the First Responders who are currently on the scene.
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! https://t.co/fuRF2Z6CZl
Today, we broke ground on a plant that will provide jobs for up to 15,000 Wisconsin Workers! As Foxconn has discovered, there is no better place to build, hire and grow than right here in the United States! https://t.co/tOFFodZYvK
I am in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for meetings. Soon to leave for a big groundbreaking for Foxconn, which is building a great new electronics plant in Wisconsin. 15,000 Jobs, so great!
....persecuted on old and/or totally unrelated charges (there was no collusion and there was no obstruction of the no collusion)...And what is going on in the FBI &amp, DOJ with Crooked Hillary, the DNC and all of the lies? A disgraceful situation!
When is Bob Mueller going to list his Conflicts of Interest? Why has it taken so long? Will they be listed at the top of his $22,000,000 Report...And what about the 13 Angry Democrats, will they list their conflicts with Crooked H? How many people will be sent to jail and......
Peter Strzok worked as the leader of the Rigged Witch Hunt for a long period of time - he got it started and was only fired because the gig was up. But remember, he took his orders from Comey and McCabe and they took their orders from you know who. Mueller/Comey best friends!
Just watched @SharkGregNorman on @foxandfriends. Said “President is doing a great job. All over the world, people want to come back to the U.S.” Thank you Greg, and you’re looking and doing great!
Amy Kremer, Women for Trump, was so great on @foxandfriends. Brave and very smart, thank you Amy! @AmyKremer
Russia continues to say they had nothing to do with Meddling in our Election! Where is the DNC Server, and why didn’t Shady James Comey and the now disgraced FBI agents take and closely examine it? Why isn’t Hillary/Russia being looked at? So many questions, so much corruption!
Lover FBI Agent Peter Strzok was given poor marks on yesterday’s closed door testimony and, according to most reports, refused to answer many questions. There was no Collusion and the Witch Hunt, headed by 13 Angry Democrats and others who are totally conflicted, is Rigged!
...home addresses – putting these selfless public servants in harm’s way. These radical protesters want ANARCHY – but the only response they will find from our government is LAW AND ORDER!
In recent days we have heard shameless attacks on our courageous law enforcement officers. Extremist Democrat politicians have called for the complete elimination of ICE. Leftwing Activists are trying to block ICE officers from doing their jobs and publicly posting their...
Thank you North Dakota. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA https://t.co/6Am9n6px8I
Just landed in North Dakota with @SenJohnHoeven and @RepKevinCramer. We will see everyone at Scheels Arena shortly! https://t.co/pakUigKB61
Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa of Portugal to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇵🇹 https://t.co/yd37K4Ei8R
Heading to North Dakota to fully stand with and endorse Kevin Cramer for Senate. He is an extraordinary Congressman who will hopefully soon represent this great state as your Senator. He is tough on crime, strong on borders, loves our Military, and our Vets! #NDSen https://t.co/uP95m0sIRP
Statement on Justice Anthony Kennedy. #SCOTUS https://t.co/8aWJ6fWemA
Today, I was thrilled to join student leaders from Colleges and Universities across the country... https://t.co/OQp3NcOeE4
Harley-Davidson should stay 100% in America, with the people that got you your success. I’ve done so much for you, and then this. Other companies are coming back where they belong! We won’t forget, and neither will your customers or your now very HAPPY competitors!
Supreme Court rules in favor of non-union workers who are now, as an example, able to support a candidate of his or her choice without having those who control the Union deciding for them. Big loss for the coffers of the Democrats!
HOUSE REPUBLICANS SHOULD PASS THE STRONG BUT FAIR IMMIGRATION BILL, KNOWN AS GOODLATTE II, IN THEIR AFTERNOON VOTE TODAY, EVEN THOUGH THE DEMS WON’T LET IT PASS IN THE SENATE. PASSAGE WILL SHOW THAT WE WANT STRONG BORDERS &amp, SECURITY WHILE THE DEMS WANT OPEN BORDERS = CRIME.  WIN!
Congratulations to Maxine Waters, whose crazy rants have made her, together with Nancy Pelosi, the unhinged FACE of the Democrat Party. Together, they will Make America Weak Again! But have no fear, America is now stronger than ever before, and I’m not going anywhere!
Big and conclusive win by Mitt Romney. Congratulations! I look forward to working together - there is so much good to do. A great and loving family will be coming to D.C.
The legendary Gary Player at Turnberry in Scotland! https://t.co/3oGoqWhhtA
A great First Lady! https://t.co/Pt35aluI4C
RT @The_Trump_Train: @realDonaldTrump  https://t.co/9ubTCAyZkq
The Democrats are in Turmoil! Open Borders and unchecked Crime a certain way to lose elections. Republicans are for Strong Borders, NO Crime! A BIG NIGHT!
Wow! Big Trump Hater Congressman Joe Crowley, who many expected was going to take Nancy Pelosi’s place, just LOST his primary election. In other words, he’s out! That is a big one that nobody saw happening. Perhaps he should have been nicer, and more respectful, to his President!
Tremendous win for Congressman Dan Donovan. You showed great courage in a tough race! New York, and my many friends on Staten Island, have elected someone they have always been very proud of. Congratulations!
Congratulations to Governor Henry McMaster on your BIG election win! South Carolina loves you. We are all proud of you and Peggy! @henrymcmaster
Today, we tell the story of an incredible HERO who defended our nation in World War Two – First Lieutenant Garlin Murl Conner. Although he died 20 years ago, today he takes his rightful place in the Eternal Chronicle of American Valor...https://t.co/mzJ8pPPgZE
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump presents the Medal of Honor. https://t.co/1MEHIzxkFg
SUPREME COURT UPHOLDS TRUMP TRAVEL BAN. Wow!
“The most profound question of our era: Was there a conspiracy in the Obama Department of Justice and the FBI to prevent Donald Trump from becoming President of the U.S., and was Strzok at the core of the conspiracy?”  Judge Andrew Napolitano
The face of the Democrats is now Maxine Waters who, together with Nancy Pelosi, have established a fine leadership team. They should always stay together and lead the Democrats, who want Open Borders and Unlimited Crime, well into the future....and pick Crooked Hillary for Pres.
A Harley-Davidson should never be built in another country-never! Their employees and customers are already very angry at them. If they move, watch, it will be the beginning of the end - they surrendered, they quit! The Aura will be gone and they will be taxed like never before!
It was great being with Governor Henry McMaster last night in South Carolina. Henry is tough on Crime and Borders, loves our Military and our Vets and has created many jobs and a great economy. GO OUT AND VOTE FOR HENRY TODAY, HE WILL NEVER LET YOU DOWN!
....We are finishing our study of Tariffs on cars from the E.U. in that they have long taken advantage of the U.S. in the form of Trade Barriers and Tariffs. In the end it will all even out - and it won’t take very long!
....When I had Harley-Davidson officials over to the White House, I chided them about tariffs in other countries, like India, being too high. Companies are now coming back to America. Harley must know that they won’t be able to sell back into U.S. without paying a big tax!
....We are getting other countries to reduce and eliminate tariffs and trade barriers that have been unfairly used for years against our farmers, workers and companies. We are opening up closed markets and expanding our footprint. They must play fair or they will pay tariffs!
Early this year Harley-Davidson said they would move much of their plant operations in Kansas City to Thailand. That was long before Tariffs were announced. Hence, they were just using Tariffs/Trade War as an excuse. Shows how unbalanced &amp, unfair trade is, but we will fix it.....
Thank you South Carolina. Now let’s get out tomorrow and VOTE for @HenryMcMaster! https://t.co/5xlz0wfMfu
Just landed in South Carolina - will be at the McMaster rally shortly! #MAGA
The hearing of Peter Strzok and the other hating frauds at the FBI &amp, DOJ should be shown to the public on live television, not a closed door hearing that nobody will see. We should expose these people for what they are - there should be total transparency!
Why is Senator Mark Warner (D-VA), perhaps in a near drunken state, claiming he has information that only he and Bob Mueller, the leader of the 13 Angry Democrats on a Witch Hunt, knows? Isn’t this highly illegal. Is it being investigated?
RT @WhiteHouse: Today, @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS welcomed @KingAbdullahII and @QueenRania of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan to the Whit...
“Director David Lynch: Trump Could Go Down as One of the Greatest Presidents” https://t.co/AcgnIZNh6e
Surprised that Harley-Davidson, of all companies, would be the first to wave the White Flag. I fought hard for them and ultimately they will not pay tariffs selling into the E.U., which has hurt us badly on trade, down $151 Billion. Taxes just a Harley excuse - be patient!  #MAGA
Congresswoman Maxine Waters, an extraordinarily low IQ person, has become, together with Nancy Pelosi, the Face of the Democrat Party. She has just called for harm to supporters, of which there are many, of the Make America Great Again movement. Be careful what you wish for Max!
RT @EricTrump: Record High Economic Optimism: 51% of people think the the economy is good or excellent - this is the highest number @CNBC h...
RT @TrumpGolf: Congratulations to our dear friend and @TrumpCharlotte member, @ScottMcCarron, on his incredible win at the @AmFamChamp this...
RT @marcorubio: Trump haters still haven’t realized how much they help him with their condescension of those who either voted for him or do...
Will be heading to one of my favorite places, South Carolina, to fight for one of my original “fighters,” Governor Henry McMaster. Speaking at 7:00 P.M.
....If this is done, illegal immigration will be stopped in it’s tracks - and at very little, by comparison, cost. This is the only real answer - and we must continue to BUILD THE WALL!
Hiring manythousands of judges, and going through a long and complicated legal process, is not the way to go - will always be disfunctional. People must simply be stopped at the Border and told they cannot come into the U.S. illegally. Children brought back to their country......
Such a difference in the media coverage of the same immigration policies between the Obama Administration and ours. Actually, we have done a far better job in that our facilities are cleaner and better run than were the facilities under Obama. Fake News is working overtime!
I have tried to stay uninvolved with the Department of Justice and FBI (although I do not legally have to), because of the now totally discredited and very expensive Witch Hunt currently going on. But you do have to ask why the DOJ &amp, FBI aren’t giving over requested documents?
The Red Hen Restaurant should focus more on cleaning its filthy canopies, doors and windows (badly needs a paint job) rather than refusing to serve a fine person like Sarah Huckabee Sanders. I always had a rule, if a restaurant is dirty on the outside, it is dirty on the inside!
Former Attorney General Michael Mukasey said that President Trump is probably correct that there was surveillance on Trump Tower. Actually, far greater than would ever have been believed!
.@RepClayHiggins has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes, creating great new healthcare programs at low cost, fighting for Border Security, our Military and are Vets. He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement. The Great State of Louisiana, we want Clay!
House Republicans could easily pass a Bill on Strong Border Security but remember, it still has to pass in the Senate, and for that we need 10 Democrat votes, and all they do is RESIST. They want Open Borders and don’t care about Crime! Need more Republicans to WIN in November!
.@ClayHiggins18 has been a great help to me on Cutting Taxes, creating great new healthcare programs at low cost, fighting for Border Security, our Military and are Vets. He is tough on Crime and has my full Endorsement. The Great State of Louisiana, we want Clay!
.@jimmyfallon is now whimpering to all that he did the famous “hair show” with me (where he seriously messed up my hair), &amp, that he would have now done it differently because it is said to have “humanized” me-he is taking heat. He called &amp, said “monster ratings.” Be a man Jimmy!
The United States is insisting that all countries that have placed artificial Trade Barriers and Tariffs on goods going into their country, remove those Barriers &amp, Tariffs or be met with more than Reciprocity by the U.S.A. Trade must be fair and no longer a one way street!
RT @Scavino45: “Job openings hit record high of 6.6 million” https://t.co/BwDsLU6T4l
....Our Immigration policy, laughed at all over the world, is very unfair to all of those people who have gone through the system legally and are waiting on line for years! Immigration must be based on merit - we need people who will help to Make America Great Again!
We cannot allow all of these people to invade our Country. When somebody comes in, we must immediately, with no Judges or Court Cases, bring them back from where they came. Our system is a mockery to good immigration policy and Law and Order. Most children come without parents...
Democrats, fix the laws. Don’t RESIST. We are doing a far better job than Bush and Obama, but we need strength and security at the Border! Cannot accept all of the people trying to break into our Country. Strong Borders, No Crime!
Major Wall Street Journal opinion piece today talking about the Russian Witch Hunt and the disgrace that it is. So many people hurt, so bad for our country - a total sham!https://t.co/bcpSGtoX6a
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! https://t.co/ZjdlHwJlxm
Thank you @NVGOP! #MAGA https://t.co/OGTR2j6PGG
Happy Birthday to Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, a friend and great man! https://t.co/hlXYYkTjcv
It’s very sad that Nancy Pelosi and her sidekick, Cryin’ Chuck Schumer, want to protect illegal immigrants far more than the citizens of our country. The United States cannot stand for this. We wants safety and security at our borders!
RT @HuckabeeOnTBN: TONIGHT: the President of the United States, @realDonaldTrump, sits down to discuss his thoughts about international rel...
Heading to Nevada to talk trade and immigration with supporters. Country’s economy is stronger than ever before with numbers that are getting better by the week. Tremendous potential, and trade deals are coming along well.
My thoughts and prayers are with Representative Katie Arrington of South Carolina, including all of those involved in last nights car accident, and their families. https://t.co/rWYt2VBjxc
...everyone how much he likes me, but he will only vote with Nancy Pelosi. Keith is strong on borders and tough on crime — and loves cutting taxes! #MAGA
.@VP Pence is heading to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania where we have both strongly endorsed one of the finest men around, Congressman Keith @RothfusForPA. He is running against #LambTheSham, who is telling...
Drudge Report  “OBAMA KEPT THEM IN CAGES, WRAPPED THEM IN FOIL” We do a much better job while at the same time maintaining a MUCH stronger Border! Mainstream Fake Media hates this story.
“Disability applications plunge as economy strengthens”  Failing New York Times
The National Association of Manufacturers just announced that 95.1% of Manufacturers “have a positive outlook for their companies.”  This is the best number in the Association’s history!
The Russian Witch Hunt is Rigged!
.@FoxNews  Poll numbers plummet on the Democrat inspired and paid for Russian Witch Hunt. With all of the bias, lying and hate by the investigators, people want the investigators investigated. Much more will come out. A total scam and excuse for the Dems losing the Election!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congressman Ron DeSantis, a top student at Yale and Harvard Law School, is running for Governor of the Great State of...
RT @PressSec: It’s shameful that dems and the media exploited this photo of a little girl to push their agenda. She was not separated from...
RT @JesseBWatters: Will be 🔥@TPUSA https://t.co/r06LyQ9Obd
RT @Scavino45: 🚨Happening Now:President Trump delivers remarks on immigration with Angel Families: https://t.co/WHGk1H7T7u https://t.co/rV...
RT @realDonaldTrump: We are gathered today to hear directly from the AMERICAN VICTIMS of ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION. These are the American Citize...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Our first duty, and our highest loyalty, is to the citizens of the United States. We will not rest until our border is...
RT @Scavino45: REQUESTED by family members after their private meeting and visit to the Oval Office - which took place before public remark...
RT @SecPompeo: .@POTUS’ agenda is the most pro-business agenda from a President in history. It been a game-changer for the American economi...
Steel is coming back fast! U.S. Steel is adding great capacity also. So are others. https://t.co/0Pzwjg3Vxn
RT @realDonaldTrump: We have to maintain strong borders or we will no longer have a country that we can be proud of – and if we show any we...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Elect more Republicans in  November and we will pass the finest, fairest and most comprehensive Immigration Bills anyw...
Good luck to Ric Grenell, our new Ambassador to Germany. A great and talented guy, he will represent our Country well!
Based on the Tariffs and Trade Barriers long placed on the U.S. &amp, its great companies and workers by the European Union, if these Tariffs and Barriers are not soon broken down and removed, we will be placing a 20% Tariff on all of their cars coming into the U.S. Build them here!
RT @Scavino45: “Trump is putting the US back on top” https://t.co/tnYo2EAd2T
Our first duty, and our highest loyalty, is to the citizens of the United States. We will not rest until our border is secure, our citizens are safe, and we finally end the immigration crisis once and for all. https://t.co/7YfZ9kjB23
We are gathered today to hear directly from the AMERICAN VICTIMS of ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION. These are the American Citizens permanently separated from their loved ones b/c they were killed by criminal illegal aliens. These are the families the media ignores...https://t.co/ZjXESYAcjY
Based on the Tariffs and Trade Barriers long placed on the U.S. and it great companies and workers by the European Union, if these Tariffs and Barriers are not soon broken down and removed, we will be placing a 20% Tariff on all of their cars coming into the U.S. Build them here!
Hope OPEC will increase output substantially. Need to keep prices down!
We must maintain a Strong Southern Border. We cannot allow our Country to be overrun by illegal immigrants as the Democrats tell their phony stories of sadness and grief, hoping it will help them in the elections. Obama and others had the same pictures, and did nothing about it!
80% of Mexico’s Exports come to the United States. They totally rely on us, which is fine with me. They do have, though, very strong Immigration Laws. The U.S. has pathetically weak and ineffective Immigration Laws that the Democrats refuse to help us fix. Will speak to Mexico!
RT @EricTrump: Good job @FLOTUS  🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https://t.co/RCYjy0DlF9
Congressman Ron DeSantis, a top student at Yale and Harvard Law School, is running for Governor of the Great State of Florida. Ron is strong on Borders, tough on Crime &amp, big on Cutting Taxes - Loves our Military &amp, our Vets. He will be a Great Governor &amp, has my full Endorsement!
Congresswoman Martha Roby of Alabama has been a consistent and reliable vote for our Make America Great Again Agenda. She is in a Republican Primary run-off against a recent Nancy Pelosi voting Democrat. I fully endorse Martha for Alabama 2nd Congressional District!
Governor Henry McMaster is a truly fine man who loves the People of South Carolina. He was one of my very early supporters and truly helped me to a Big South Carolina Victory. I will see you all in S.C on Monday and Vice President Pence will be there for Henry on Saturday!
Republicans should stop wasting their time on Immigration until after we elect more Senators and Congressmen/women in November. Dems are just playing games, have no intention of doing anything to solves this decades old problem. We can pass great legislation after the Red Wave!
Elect more Republicans in  November and we will pass the finest, fairest and most comprehensive Immigration Bills anywhere in the world. Right now we have the dumbest and the worst. Dems are doing nothing but Obstructing. Remember their motto, RESIST! Ours is PRODUCE!
Even if we get 100% Republican votes in the Senate, we need 10 Democrat votes to get a much needed Immigration Bill - &amp, the Dems are Obstructionists who won’t give votes for political reasons &amp, because they don’t care about Crime coming from Border! So we need to elect more R’s!
Our great Judge Jeanine Pirro is out with a new book, “Liars, Leakers and Liberals, the Case Against the Anti-Trump Conspiracy,” which is fantastic. Go get it!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Don’t worry, the Republicans, and your President, will fix it! https://t.co/xsbuPzXbHj
You cannot pass legislation on immigration whether it be for safety and security or any other reason including “heart,” without getting Dem votes. Problem is, they don’t care about security and R’s do. Zero Dems voted to support the Goodlatte Bill. They won’t vote for anything!
We have to maintain strong borders or we will no longer have a country that we can be proud of – and if we show any weakness, millions of people will journey into our country.
“I REALLY DON’T CARE, DO U?” written on the back of Melania’s jacket, refers to the Fake News Media. Melania has learned how dishonest they are, and she truly no longer cares!
Big Supreme Court win on internet sales tax - about time! Big victory for fairness and for our country. Great victory for consumers and retailers.
Farm Bill just passed in the House. So happy to see work requirements included. Big win for the farmers!
I was thrilled to be back in Minnesota for a roundtable with hardworking American Patriots. Thank you! https://t.co/suoRN02zMq
"""The real big story that affects everybody in America is the success of @POTUS's TAX CUT package and what it's done for our economy...” @Varneyco https://t.co/2bUbA7zSFM"
My Administration is acting swiftly to address the illegal immigration crisis on the Southern Border. Loopholes in our immigration laws all supported by extremist open border Democrats...and that's what they are - they're extremist open border Democrats.... https://t.co/F73I5gu0Q5
Democrats want open Borders, where anyone can come into our Country, and stay. This is Nancy Pelosi’s dream. It won’t happen!
....”Nothing gives Schiff jurisdiction over Impeachment.”
Henry McMaster has done a great job as Governor of South Carolina. The state is BOOMING, with jobs and new industry setting records. He is tough on Crime and Strong on Borders, Healthcare, the Military and our great Vets. Henry has my full and complete Endrosement! #MAGA
JUST OUT: 3.9% Unemployment. 4% is Broken! In the meantime, WITCH HUNT!
What is the purpose of the House doing good immigration bills when you need 9 votes by Democrats in the Senate, and the Dems are only looking to Obstruct (which they feel is good for them in the Mid-Terms). Republicans must get rid of the stupid Filibuster Rule-it is killing you!
Last night in Minnesota was incredible. What a crowd!
Henry McMaster has done a great job as Governor of South Carolina. The State is BOOMING, with jobs and new industry setting records. He is tough on Crime and strong on Borders, Health Care, the Mititary and our great Vets. Henry has my full and complete Endorsement! #MAGA
I will be going the Columbia, South Carolina, on Monday night to do a campaign speech for one of my very early supporters, a man who truly loves the people of South Carolina, Governor Henry McMaster. Henry worked so hard &amp, was so loyal to me that I look forward to reciprocating!
The Border has been a big mess and problem for many years. At some point Schumer and Pelosi, who are weak on Crime and Border security, will be forced to do a real deal, so easy, that solves this long time problem. Schumer used to want Border security - now he’ll take Crime!
We shouldn’t be hiring judges by the thousands, as our ridiculous immigration laws demand, we should be changing our laws, building the Wall, hire Border Agents and Ice and not let people come into our country based on the legal phrase they are told to say as their password.
ALL-TIME RECORD OPTIMISM! https://t.co/ZTrfJY2afh
Just returning from the Great State of Minnesota where we had an incredible rally with 9,000 people, and at least 10,000 who could not get in - I will return! Congratulations to @PeteStauber who is loved and respected in Minnesota!
Thank you Duluth, Minnesota. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/G0hbbx6xAK
So sorry, people wanting to get into the already packed arena - I LOVE YOU ALL! https://t.co/PFvXrsvgkA
Just landed in Duluth, Minnesota. Two events planned - looking forward to them and being with @PeteStauber and his wonderful family!
Don’t worry, the Republicans, and your President, will fix it! https://t.co/xsbuPzXbHj
Look what Fake ABC News put out. I guess they had it prepared from the 13 Angry Democrats leading the Witch Hunt! #StopTheBias https://t.co/c0XOk1btEQ
Had a great meeting with the House GOP last night at the Capitol. They applauded and laughed loudly when I mentioned my experience with Mark Sanford. I have never been a fan of his!
https://t.co/yfwdyUHmn3
More records! #MAGA https://t.co/2CP5eq40Fy
RT @PastorDScott: Once the mid terms are over, liberals won’t talk about detained or separated illegal immigrant children until 2020. #itsa...
RT @GlobalGolfPost: The golf world has lost a legend in five-time Open Championship winner Peter Thomson. READ: https://t.co/TfMHo2GeDG h...
“FBI texts have revealed anti-Trump Bias.” @FoxNews  Big News, but the Fake News doesn’t want to cover. Total corruption - the Witch Hunt has turned out to be a scam! At some point soon the Mainstream Media will have to cover correctly, too big a story!
RT @EricTrump: It is hard to believe that the historic North Korea / Kim Jong Un summit was exactly one week ago. Truly amazing to see the...
It’s the Democrats fault, they won’t give us the votes needed to pass good immigration legislation. They want open borders, which breeds horrible crime. Republicans want security. But I am working on something - it never ends!
The Fake News is not mentioning the safety and security of our Country when talking about illegal immigration. Our immigration laws are the weakest and worst anywhere in the world, and the Dems will do anything not to change them &amp, to obstruct-want open borders which means crime!
THANK YOU @HouseGOP! https://t.co/scvACfJwts
Earlier today, @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇪🇸 https://t.co/cCubCyiRm5
Homeland Security @SecNielsen did a fabulous job yesterday at the press conference explaining security at the border and for our country, while at the same time recommending changes to obsolete &amp, nasty laws, which force family separation. We want “heart” and security in America!
I want to take a moment to address the current illegal immigration crisis on the Southern Border...it has been going on for many, many decades... https://t.co/1F7EK9Ef88
THANK YOU @NFIB! #NFIB75 https://t.co/5ppZhQhZu0
Join me tomorrow in Duluth, Minnesota for a #MAGA Rally! Tickets: https://t.co/mhhJB8WQlF https://t.co/gP59o1RDqW
#CHANGETHELAWS   Now is the best opportunity ever for Congress to change the ridiculous and obsolete laws on immigration. Get it done, always keeping in mind that we must have strong border security.
We must always arrest people coming into our Country illegally. Of the 12,000 children, 10,000 are being sent by their parents on a very dangerous trip, and only 2000 are with their parents, many of whom have tried to enter our Country illegally on numerous occasions.
Going to Dallas (the GREAT State of Texas) today. Leaving soon!
Democrats are the problem. They don’t care about crime and want illegal immigrants, no matter how bad they may be, to pour into and infest our Country, like MS-13. They can’t win on their terrible policies, so they view them as potential voters!
If you don’t have Borders, you don’t have a Country!
Crime in Germany is up 10% plus (officials do not want to report these crimes) since migrants were accepted. Others countries are even worse. Be smart America!
I can’t think of something more concerning than a law enforcement officer suggesting that their going to use their powers to affect an election!” Inspector General Horowitz on what was going on with numerous people regarding my election. A Rigged Witch Hunt!p
Comey gave Strozk his marching orders. Mueller is Comey’s best friend. Witch Hunt!
If President Obama (who got nowhere with North Korea and would have had to go to war with many millions of people being killed) had gotten along with North Korea and made the initial steps toward a deal that I have, the Fake News would have named him a national hero!
It is the Democrats fault for being weak and ineffective with Boarder Security and Crime. Tell them to start thinking about the people devastated by Crime coming from illegal immigration. Change the laws!
CHANGE THE LAWS!
Children are being used by some of the worst criminals on earth as a means to enter our country. Has anyone been looking at the Crime taking place south of the border. It is historic, with some countries the most dangerous places in the world. Not going to happen in the U.S.
We don’t want what is happening with immigration in Europe to happen with us!
The people of Germany are turning against their leadership as migration is rocking the already tenuous Berlin coalition. Crime in Germany is way up. Big mistake made all over Europe in allowing millions of people in who have so strongly and violently changed their culture!
Why don’t the Democrats give us the votes to fix the world’s worst immigration laws? Where is the outcry for the killings and crime being caused by gangs and thugs, including MS-13, coming into our country illegally?
“The highest level of bias I’ve ever witnessed in any law enforcement officer.” Trey Gowdy on the FBI’s own, Peter Strzok. Also remember that they all worked for Slippery James Comey and that Comey is best friends with Robert Mueller. A really sick deal, isn’t it?
The Democrats should get together with their Republican counterparts and work something out on Border Security &amp, Safety. Don’t wait until after the election because you are going to lose!
Why was the FBI’s sick loser, Peter Strzok, working on the totally discredited Mueller team of 13 Angry &amp, Conflicted Democrats, when Strzok was giving Crooked Hillary a free pass yet telling his lover, lawyer Lisa Page, that “we’ll stop” Trump from becoming President? Witch Hunt!
Why was the FBI giving so much information to the Fake News Media. They are not supposed to be doing that, and knowing the enemy of the people Fake News, they put their own spin on it - truth doesn’t matter to them!
RT @WhiteHouse: Happy Father's Day! https://t.co/1Legof68lb
WITCH HUNT! There was no Russian Collusion. Oh, I see, there was no Russian Collusion, so now they look for obstruction on the no Russian Collusion. The phony Russian Collusion was a made up Hoax. Too bad they didn’t look at Crooked Hillary like this. Double Standard!
RT @realDonaldTrump: The IG Report totally destroys James Comey and all of his minions including the great lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Pa...
RT @realDonaldTrump: My supporters are the smartest, strongest, most hard working and most loyal that we have seen in our countries history...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Democrats can fix their forced family breakup at the Border by working with Republicans on new legislation, for a chan...
RT @realDonaldTrump: I’ve had to beat 17 very talented people including the Bush Dynasty, then I had to beat the Clinton Dynasty, and now I...
Washington Post employees want to go on strike because Bezos isn’t paying them enough. I think a really long strike would be a great idea. Employees would get more money and we would get rid of Fake News for an extended period of time! Is @WaPo a registered lobbyist?
Our economy is perhaps BETTER than it has ever been. Companies doing really well, and moving back to America, and jobs numbers are the best in 44 years.
The denuclearization deal with North Korea is being praised and celebrated all over Asia. They are so happy! Over here, in our country, some people would rather see this historic deal fail than give Trump a win, even if it does save potentially millions &amp, millions of lives!
Holding back the “war games” during the negotiations was my request because they are VERY EXPENSIVE and set a bad light during a good faith negotiation. Also, quite provocative. Can start up immediately if talks break down, which I hope will not happen!
Funny how the Fake News, in a coordinated effort with each other, likes to say I gave sooo much to North Korea because I “met.” That’s because that’s all they have to disparage! We got so much for peace in the world, &amp, more is being added in finals. Even got our hostages/remains!
Here is the video, “A Story of Opportunity” that I shared with Kim Jong-un at the #SingaporeSummit➡️https://t.co/43oOci4jvo https://t.co/xBKFkDLtj7
Daniel Henninger of The Wall Street Journal: “This IG Report makes it clear, as did Rod Rosenstein’s memo, that Trump was absolutely justified, unquestionably justified, in firing Jim Comey. So I think the Mueller Investigation is on pretty weak grounds right now.”  Witch Hunt!
Please clear up the Fake News! https://t.co/3VbIKbmKwP
Chuck Schumer said “the Summit was what the Texans call all cattle and no hat.” Thank you Chuck, but are you sure you got that right? No more nuclear testing or rockets flying all over the place, blew up launch sites. Hostages already back, hero remains coming home &amp, much more!
RT @WhiteHouse: “Americans must demand their lawmakers support the legislation we need to defeat MS-13 once and for all, and to ensure ever...
The IG Report totally destroys James Comey and all of his minions including the great lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page, who started the disgraceful Witch Hunt against so many innocent people. It will go down as a dark and dangerous period in American History!
The IG Report totally distroys James Comey and all of his minions including the great lovers, Peter Strzok and Lisa Page, who started the disgraceful Witch Hunt against so many innocent people. It will go down as a dark and dangerous period in American History!
My supporters are the smartest, strongest, most hard working and most loyal that we have seen in our countries history. It is a beautiful thing to watch as we win elections and gather support from all over the country. As we get stronger, so does our country. Best numbers ever!
Democrats can fix their forced family breakup at the Border by working with Republicans on new legislation, for a change! This is why we need more Republicans elected in November. Democrats are good at only three things, High Taxes, High Crime and Obstruction. Sad!
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Democrats are forcing the breakup of families at the Border with their horrible and cruel legislative agenda. Any...
Great discussions with European Union Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and EU Council President Donald Tusk at the #G7Summit in Canada last week. https://t.co/kGxXe50459
The Fake News Media said that I did not get along with other Leaders at the #G7Summit in Canada. They are once again, WRONG! https://t.co/I6eEKEZV6z
I have a great relationship with Angela Merkel of Germany, but the Fake News Media only shows the bad photos (implying anger) of negotiating an agreement - where I am asking for things that no other American President would ask for! https://t.co/Ib97nN5HZt
I’ve had to beat 17 very talented people including the Bush Dynasty, then I had to beat the Clinton Dynasty, and now I have to beat a phony Witch Hunt and all of the dishonest people covered in the IG Report...and never forget the Fake News Media. It never ends!
Wow, what a tough sentence for Paul Manafort, who has represented Ronald Reagan, Bob Dole and many other top political people and campaigns. Didn’t know Manafort was the head of the Mob. What about Comey and Crooked Hillary and all of the others? Very unfair!
The Democrats are forcing the breakup of families at the Border with their horrible and cruel legislative agenda. Any Immigration Bill MUST HAVE full funding for the Wall, end Catch &amp, Release, Visa Lottery and Chain, and go to Merit Based Immigration. Go for it! WIN!
“Donald Trump was 100% right to fire James Comey.” Mark Levin
"RT @foxandfriends: IG REPORT BOMBSHELL: Anti-Trump FBI agent Peter Strzok texted his lover Lisa Page ""we'll stop"" Trump from becoming presi..."
RT @foxandfriends: DOJ IG report finds that an FBI lawyer told a bureau employee “Viva le resistance” after President Trump was elected htt...
RT @foxandfriends: “This is one of the most damning rebukes of the FBI that I think we’ve ever seen.” -@jasoninthehouse https://t.co/9DoTim...
RT @foxandfriends: .@jasoninthehouse: The DOJ IG report is 562 pages of nothing but bias and animus https://t.co/7IeXfmvo1M
RT @foxandfriends: .@jasoninthehouse: Anything Mueller is doing with his investigation is tainted by the anti-Trump FBI agents https://t.co...
RT @foxandfriends: .@jasoninthehouse: All of this started because Hillary Clinton set up her private server https://t.co/rLzjDRxxxm
“Why in the world didn’t Barack Obama fire this guy (Comey)?” asks Mark Levin!
Wow, the highest rated (by far) morning show, @foxandfriends, is on the Front Lawn of the White House. Maybe I’ll have to take an unannounced trip down to see them?
U.S.A. Jobs numbers are the BEST in 44 years. If my opponent (the Democrats) had won the election, they would have raised taxes substantially and increased regulations - the economy, and jobs, would have been a disaster!
Thank you for all of the compliments on getting the World Cup to come to the U.S.A., Mexico and Canada. I worked hard on this, along with a Great Team of talented people. We never fail, and it will be a great World Cup! A special thanks to Bob Kraft for excellent advice.
The IG Report is a total disaster for Comey, his minions and sadly, the FBI. Comey will now officially go down as the worst leader, by far, in the history of the FBI. I did a great service to the people in firing him. Good Instincts. Christopher Wray will bring it proudly back!
...realize the economy is the best it’s ever been with employment being at an all time high, and many companies pouring back into our country. Wake up Punchy!
FBI Agent Peter Strzok, who headed the Clinton &amp, Russia investigations, texted to his lover Lisa Page, in the IG Report, that “we’ll stop” candidate Trump from becoming President. Doesn’t get any lower than that!
Happy #FlagDay🇺🇸 https://t.co/KEUMfnoHIv
Happy 243rd Birthday to the @USArmy! Thank you for your bravery, sacrifices, and dedication to the U.S.A. We love you! https://t.co/XlQYstu3Vo
....Schneiderman, who ran the Clinton campaign in New York, never had the guts to bring this ridiculous case, which lingered in their office for almost 2 years. Now he resigned his office in disgrace, and his disciples brought it when we would not settle.
The sleazy New York Democrats, and their now disgraced (and run out of town) A.G. Eric Schneiderman, are doing everything they can to sue me on a foundation that took in $18,800,000 and gave out to charity more money than it took in, $19,200,000. I won’t settle this case!...
So, the Democrats make up a phony crime, Collusion with the Russians, pay a fortune to make the crime sound real, illegally leak (Comey) classified information so that a Special Councel will be appointed, and then Collude to make this pile of garbage take on life in Fake News!
Now that I am back from Singapore, where we had a great result with respect to North Korea, the thought process must sadly go back to the Witch Hunt, always remembering that there was No Collusion and No Obstruction of the fabricated No Crime.
The Republican Party is starting to show very big numbers. People are starting to see what is being done. Results are speaking loudly. North Korea and our greatest ever economy are leading the way!
Congratulations to @KevinCramer on his huge win in North Dakota. We need Kevin in the Senate, and I strongly endorse him. Heidi voted NO on our Tax Cuts, and always will vote no when we need her. Kevin is strong on Crime &amp, Borders, big on Cutting Taxes!
Congratulations to Danny Tarkanian on his big GOP primary win in Nevada. Danny worked hard an got a great result. Looking good in November!
Senator Claire McCaskill of the GREAT State of Missouri flew around in a luxurious private jet during her RV tour of the state. RV’s are not for her. People are really upset, so phony! Josh Hawley should win big, and has my full endorsement.
So funny to watch the Fake News, especially NBC and CNN. They are fighting hard to downplay the deal with North Korea. 500 days ago they would have “begged” for this deal-looked like war would break out. Our Country’s biggest enemy is the Fake News so easily promulgated by fools!
Oil prices are too high, OPEC is at it again. Not good!
The U.S., together with Mexico and Canada, just got the World Cup. Congratulations - a great deal of hard work!
We save a fortune by not doing war games, as long as we are negotiating in good faith - which both sides are!
Before taking office people were assuming that we were going to War with North Korea. President Obama said that North Korea was our biggest and most dangerous problem. No longer - sleep well tonight!
Just landed - a long trip, but everybody can now feel much safer than the day I took office. There is no longer a Nuclear Threat from North Korea. Meeting with Kim Jong Un was an interesting and very positive experience. North Korea has great potential for the future!
Congratulations to Corey Stewart for his great victory for Senator from Virginia. Now he runs against a total stiff, Tim Kaine, who is weak on crime and borders, and wants to raise your taxes through the roof. Don’t underestimate Corey, a major chance of winning!
...realize the economy is the best it’s ever been with employment being at an all time high, and many companies pouring back into our country. Wake up Punchy!
Robert De Niro, a very Low IQ individual, has received too many shots to the head by real boxers in movies. I watched him last night and truly believe he may be “punch-drunk.” I guess he doesn’t...
My political representatives didn’t want me to get involved in the Mark Sanford primary thinking that Sanford would easily win - but with a few hours left I felt that Katie was such a good candidate, and Sanford was so bad, I had to give it a shot. Congrats to Katie Arrington!
A year ago the pundits &amp, talking heads, people that couldn’t do the job before, were begging for conciliation and peace - “please meet, don’t go to war.” Now that we meet and have a great relationship with Kim Jong Un, the same haters shout out, “you shouldn’t meet, do not meet!”
The World has taken a big step back from potential Nuclear catastrophe! No more rocket launches, nuclear testing or research! The hostages are back home with their families. Thank you to Chairman Kim, our day together was historic!
I want to thank Chairman Kim for taking the first bold step toward a bright new future for his people. Our unprecedented meeting – the first between an American President and a leader of North Korea – proves that real change is possible! https://t.co/yF3iwD23YQ
“At least two Memos Comey shared with a friend contained Classified Information.”  Wall Street Journal
There is no limit to what NoKo can achieve when it gives up its nuclear weapons and embraces commerce &amp, engagement w/ the world. Chairman Kim has before him the opportunity to be remembered as the leader who ushered in a glorious new era of security &amp, prosperity for his citizens! https://t.co/Xbup4Zyz33
Robert De Niro, a very Low IQ individual, has received to many shots to the head by real boxers in movies. I watched him last night and truly believe he may be “punch-drunk.” I guess he doesn’t...
...Got along great with Kim Jong-un who wants to see wonderful things for his country. As I said earlier today: Anyone can make war, but only the most courageous can make peace! #SingaporeSummit
Heading back home from Singapore after a truly amazing visit. Great progress was made on the denuclearization of North Korea. Hostages are back home, will be getting the remains of our great heroes back to their families, no missiles shot, no research happening, sites closing...
Mark Sanford has been very unhelpful to me in my campaign to MAGA. He is MIA and nothing but trouble. He is better off in Argentina. I fully endorse Katie Arrington for Congress in SC, a state I love. She is tough on crime and will continue our fight to lower taxes. VOTE Katie!
I strongly endorse Adam Laxalt for Governor of Nevada. Adam is smart, works hard, and knows how to win. He will be a great Governor. Also, will fight hard to lower your taxes and is tough on crime!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Henry McMaster loves the people of South Carolina and was with me from the beginning. He is strong on Crime and Border...
https://t.co/tJG3KIn2q0
Our Great Larry Kudlow, who has been working so hard on trade and the economy, has just suffered a heart attack. He is now in Walter Reed Medical Center.
Just won big Supreme Court decision on Voting! Great News!
The fact that I am having a meeting is a major loss for the U.S., say the haters &amp, losers. We have our hostages, testing, research and all missle launches have stoped, and these pundits, who have called me wrong from the beginning, have nothing else they can say! We will be fine!
Stock Market up almost 40% since the Election, with 7 Trillion Dollars of U.S. value built throughout the economy. Lowest unemployment rate in many decades, with Black &amp, Hispanic unemployment lowest in History, and Female unemployment lowest in 21 years. Highest confidence ever!
Meetings between staffs and representatives are going well and quickly....but in the end, that doesn’t matter. We will all know soon whether or not a real deal, unlike those of the past, can happen!
Thank you Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong! https://t.co/8MMYGuOj8Q
Sorry, we cannot let our friends, or enemies, take advantage of us on Trade anymore. We must put the American worker first!
Great to be in Singapore, excitement in the air!
....Germany pays 1% (slowly) of GDP towards NATO, while we pay 4% of a MUCH larger GDP. Does anybody believe that makes sense? We protect Europe (which is good) at great financial loss, and then get unfairly clobbered on Trade. Change is coming!
....And add to that the fact that the U.S. pays close to the entire cost of NATO-protecting many of these same countries that rip us off on Trade (they pay only a fraction of the cost-and laugh!). The European Union had a $151 Billion Surplus-should pay much more for Military!
Why should I, as President of the United States, allow countries to continue to make Massive Trade Surpluses, as they have for decades, while our Farmers, Workers &amp, Taxpayers have such a big and unfair price to pay? Not fair to the PEOPLE of America! $800 Billion Trade Deficit...
Fair Trade is now to be called Fool Trade if it is not Reciprocal. According to a Canada release, they make almost 100 Billion Dollars in Trade with U.S. (guess they were bragging and got caught!). Minimum is 17B. Tax Dairy from us at 270%. Then Justin acts hurt when called out!
RT @Scavino45: President @realDonaldTrump and the Prime Minister of Italy, @GiuseppeConteIT at the #G7Summit in Canada... https://t.co/lju3...
PM Justin Trudeau of Canada acted so meek and mild during our @G7 meetings only to give a news conference after I left saying that, “US Tariffs were kind of insulting” and he “will not be pushed around.” Very dishonest &amp, weak. Our Tariffs are in response to his of 270% on dairy!
Based on Justin’s false statements at his news conference, and the fact that Canada is charging massive Tariffs to our U.S. farmers, workers and companies, I have instructed our U.S. Reps not to endorse the Communique as we look at Tariffs on automobiles flooding the U.S. Market!
...Create peace and great prosperity for his land. I look forward to meeting him and have a feeling that this one-time opportunity will not be wasted!
I am on my way to Singapore where we have a chance to achieve a truly wonderful result for North Korea and the World. It will certainly be an exciting day and I know that Kim Jong-un will work very hard to do something that has rarely been done before...
The United States will not allow other countries to impose massive Tariffs and Trade Barriers on its farmers, workers and companies. While sending their product into our country tax free. We have put up with Trade Abuse for many decades — and that is long enough.
...U.S.A. Trade. They fully understand where I am coming from. After many decades, fair and reciprocal Trade will happen!
Just left the @G7 Summit in beautiful Canada. Great meetings and relationships with the six Country Leaders especially since they know I cannot allow them to apply large Tariffs and strong barriers to...
RT @Jim_Jordan: Why won’t the media ask these questions to @RepAdamSchiff or @SpeakerPelosi?
Just met the new Prime Minister of Italy, @GiuseppeConteIT, a really great guy. He will be honored in Washington, at the @WhiteHouse, shortly. He will do a great job - the people of Italy got it right!
Henry McMaster loves the people of South Carolina and was with me from the beginning. He is strong on Crime and Borders, great for our Military and our Vets. He is doing a fantastic job as your Governor, and has my full endorsement, a special guy. Vote on Tuesday!
.@G7 Press Briefing in Charlevoix, Canada, prior to departing for Singapore! https://t.co/75y1SXuwuU
RT @g7: Day 1 of #G7Charlevoix in 60 seconds. https://t.co/U6jA8ylIgm
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in Somalia. They are truly all HEROES.
My thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in Somolia. They are truly all HEROES.
I am heading for Canada and the G-7 for talks that will mostly center on the long time unfair trade practiced against the United States. From there I go to Singapore and talks with North Korea on Denuclearization. Won’t be talking about the Russian Witch Hunt Hoax for a while!
Congratulations to the Washington Capitals on their GREAT play and winning the Stanley Cup Championship. Alex Ovechkin, the team captain, was spectacular - a true Superstar! D.C. is popping, in many ways. What a time!
Looking forward to straightening out unfair Trade Deals with the G-7 countries. If it doesn’t happen, we come out even better!
Canada charges the U.S. a 270%  tariff on Dairy Products! They didn’t tell you that, did they? Not fair to our farmers!
Obama, Schumer and Pelosi did NOTHING about North Korea, and now weak on Crime, High Tax Schumer is telling me what to do at the Summit the Dems could never set up. Schumer failed with North Korea and Iran, we don’t need his advice!
Why isn’t the European Union and Canada informing the public that for years they have used massive Trade Tariffs and non-monetary Trade Barriers against the U.S. Totally unfair to our farmers, workers &amp, companies. Take down your tariffs &amp, barriers or we will more than match you!
Prime Minister Trudeau is being so indignant, bringing up the relationship that the U.S. and Canada had over the many years and all sorts of other things...but he doesn’t bring up the fact that they charge us up to 300% on dairy — hurting our Farmers, killing our Agriculture!
Please tell Prime Minister Trudeau and President Macron that they are charging the U.S. massive tariffs and create non-monetary barriers. The EU trade surplus with the U.S. is $151 Billion, and Canada keeps our farmers and others out. Look forward to seeing them tomorrow.
Great day of meetings with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan! https://t.co/uKcdA8RxoN
PM Abe and I are also working to improve the trading relationship between the U.S. and Japan, something we have to do. The U.S. seeks a bilateral deal with Japan that is based on the principle of fairness and reciprocity. We’re working hard to reduce our trade imbalance... https://t.co/pnqEHoplk0
Today, I am greatly honored to welcome my good friend, PM Abe of Japan to the @WhiteHouse. Over the past 16 months the Prime Minister and I have worked closely together to address common challenges, of which there are many... https://t.co/sNlmdd6fgm
It’s my great honor to welcome Prime Minister @AbeShinzo back to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇯🇵 https://t.co/6yCxud2jAN
“$3 billion payoff: 101 utilities cut rates, credit GOP tax cuts” https://t.co/x1a1OJuRgd
“Total jobless claims running at lowest level in 44 years” https://t.co/La9irHMTXM
“Total jobless claims running at lowest level in 44 years” https://t.co/La9irHMTXM?
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/KppRUU5OZ3
The Obama Administration is now accused of trying to give Iran secret access to the financial system of the United States. This is totally illegal. Perhaps we could get the 13 Angry Democrats to divert some of their energy to this “matter” (as Comey would call it). Investigate!
When will people start saying, “thank you, Mr. President, for firing James Comey?”
"RT @dmartosko: The same can be said of the ""collusion"" stuff. https://t.co/xMCVuH3OTs"
Our Justice Department must not let Awan &amp, Debbie Wasserman Schultz off the hook. The Democrat I.T. scandal is a key to much of the corruption we see today. They want to make a “plea deal” to hide what is on their Server. Where is Server? Really bad!
Looking forward to seeing my friend Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan at noon. Will be discussing North Korea and Trade.
How could Jeff Flake, who is setting record low polling numbers in Arizona and was therefore humiliatingly forced out of his own Senate seat without even a fight (and who doesn’t have a clue), think about running for office, even a lower one, again? Let’s face it, he’s a Flake!
When and where will all of the many conflicts of interest be listed by the 13 Angry Democrats (plus) working on the Witch Hunt Hoax. There has never been a group of people on a case so biased or conflicted. It is all a Democrat Excuse for LOSING the Election. Where is the server?
Alan Dershowitz, Harvard Law Professor: “It all proves that we never needed a Special Counsel....All of this could have been done by the Justice Dept. Don’t need a multi-million dollar group of people with a target on someone’s back. Not the way Justice should operate.” So true!
Alan Dershowitz, Harvard Law Professor: “It all proves that we never needed a Special Councel....All of this could have been done by the Justice Dept. Don’t need a multi-million dollar group of people with a target on someone’s back. Not the way Justice should operate.” So true!
Good luck to Alice Johnson. Have a wonderful life!
Isn’t it Ironic? Getting ready to go to the G-7 in Canada to fight for our country on Trade (we have the worst trade deals ever made), then off to Singapore to meet with North Korea &amp, the Nuclear Problem...But back home we still have the 13 Angry Democrats pushing the Witch Hunt!
Thank you to everyone at @FEMA HQ for today’s briefing on preparations for the upcoming hurricane season. Disaster response and recovery is best achieved when it’s federally supported, state managed, and locally executed – this is the successful model we will continue to build. https://t.co/xpm7IRiZwn
We must always protect those who protect us. Today, it was my great honor to sign the #VAMissionAct and to make Veterans Choice the permanent law of the land! https://t.co/VV3GdDISbD https://t.co/4OsUDWIzwo
Today we mark another milestone: the 74th anniversary of #DDay, the Allied invasion of Normandy. On June 6, 1944, more than 70,000 brave young Americans charged out of landing craft, jumped out of airplanes, and stormed into hell... https://t.co/zV8pqoVG9h
Congratulations to Dana Rohrabacher on his big California win. We are proud of you Dana!
Many more Republican voters showed up yesterday than the Fake News thought possible. The political pundits just don’t get what is going on out there - or they do get it but refuse to report the facts! Remember, Dems are High Tax, High Crime, easy to beat!
...Four reporters spotted Melania in the White House last week walking merrily along to a meeting. They never reported the sighting because it would hurt the sick narrative that she was living in a different part of the world, was really ill, or whatever. Fake News is really bad!
The Fake News Media has been so unfair, and vicious, to my wife and our great First Lady, Melania. During her recovery from surgery they reported everything from near death, to facelift, to left the W.H. (and me) for N.Y. or Virginia, to abuse. All Fake, she is doing really well!
Gold Star father, Ceejay Metcalf, whose great son Michael was just honored at the White House, was fantastic this morning on @foxandfriends. He is a special man!
Great night for Republicans! Congratulations to John Cox on a really big number in California. He can win. Even Fake News CNN said the Trump impact was really big, much bigger than they ever thought possible. So much for the big Blue Wave, it may be a big Red Wave. Working hard!
Mitch McConnell announced he will cancel the Senate’s August Recess. Great, maybe the Democrats will finally get something done other than their acceptance of High Crime and High Taxes. We need Border Security!
....The greatest Witch Hunt in political history!
...This is a level of criminality beyond the pale. This is such a grave abuse of power and authority, it’s like nothing else we’ve seen in our history. This makes the Nixon Watergate burglary look like keystone cop stuff
Chris Farrell, Judicial Watch. “They were running an operation to undermine a candidate for President of the U.S. These are all violations of law. This is intelligence tradecraft to steer an election. There’s nothing more grave when it comes to abuse of our intelligence system...
Great interview by @LouDobbs with Chris Farrell of Judicial Watch concerning the governments counter-intelligence operation into the Trump Campaign. SPYGATE at the highest level. Who would believe?
RT @parscale: Since the #FakeNews is full of distortions, underreporting, and lies, we launched a platform tonight presenting a comprehensi...
RT @EricTrump: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https://t.co/37hQxUvemf
RT @robbystarbuck: Fox News has been #1 for 197 months straight. In the latest ratings disaster for CNN they lost another 25% of their view...
RT @Scavino45: Today, President Trump issued an Executive Grant of Clemency (Full Pardon) posthumously to John Arthur “Jack” Johnson, the f...
Wow, Strzok-Page, the incompetent &amp, corrupt FBI lovers, have texts referring to a counter-intelligence operation into the Trump Campaign dating way back to December, 2015. SPYGATE is in full force! Is the Mainstream Media interested yet? Big stuff!
https://t.co/4OjDqTMEIx
Imagine how much wasteful spending we’d save if we didn’t have Chuck and Nancy standing in our way! For years, Democrats in Congress have depleted our military and busted our budgets on needless spending, and to what end? No more.
The HISTORIC Rescissions Package we’ve proposed would cut $15,000,000,000 in Wasteful Spending! We are getting our government back on track.
Terrific new book out by the wonderful Harris Faulkner, “9 Rules of Engagement.” Harris shares lessons from a military family. Enjoy!
Senator @RogerWicker of Mississippi has done everything necessary to Make America Great Again! Get out and vote for Roger, he has my total support!
Vote for Congressman Devin Nunes, a true American Patriot the likes of which we rarely see in our modern day world....he truly loves our country and deserves everyone’s support!
Get the vote out in California today for Rep. Kevin McCarthy and all of the great GOP candidates for Congress. Keep our country out of the hands of High Tax, High Crime Nancy Pelosi.
In High Tax, High Crime California, be sure to get out and vote for Republican John Cox for Governor. He will make a BIG difference!
Separating families at the Border is the fault of bad legislation passed by the Democrats. Border Security laws should be changed but the Dems can’t get their act together! Started the Wall.
....@NASCAR and Champion @MartinTruex_Jr were recently at the White House. It was a great day for a great sport!
Meeting in Singapore with North Korea will hopefully be the start of something big...we will soon see!
The Russian Witch Hunt Hoax continues, all because Jeff Sessions didn’t tell me he was going to recuse himself...I would have quickly picked someone else. So much time and money wasted, so many lives ruined...and Sessions knew better than most that there was No Collusion!
We have had many Championship teams recently at the White House including the Chicago Cubs, Houston Astros, Pittsburgh Penguins, New England Patriots, Alabama and Clemson National Champions, and many others. National Anthem &amp, more great music today at 3:00 P.M.
We will proudly be playing the National Anthem and other wonderful music celebrating our Country today at 3 P.M., The White House, with the United States Marine Band and the United States Army Chorus. Honoring America! NFL, no escaping to Locker Rooms!
The U.S. has an increased economic value of more than 7 Trillion Dollars since the Election. May be the best economy in the history of our country. Record Jobs numbers. Nice!
What is taking so long with the Inspector General’s Report on Crooked Hillary and Slippery James Comey. Numerous delays. Hope Report is not being changed and made weaker! There are so many horrible things to tell, the public has the right to know. Transparency!
The Philadelphia Eagles Football Team was invited to the White House. Unfortunately, only a small number of players decided to come, and we canceled the event. Staying in the Locker Room for the playing of our National Anthem is as disrespectful to our country as kneeling. Sorry!
Big Supreme Court ruling for Baker just out!
In many ways this is the greatest economy in the HISTORY of America and the best time EVER to look for a job!
The Fake News Media is desperate to distract from the economy and record setting economic numbers and so they keep talking about the phony Russian Witch Hunt.
#500Days of American Greatness: https://t.co/qQEEPqmaax https://t.co/1VCeoTk1cI
The appointment of the Special Counsel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that, we play the game because I, unlike the Democrats, have done nothing wrong!
Farmers have not been doing well for 15 years. Mexico, Canada, China and others have treated them unfairly. By the time I finish trade talks, that will change. Big trade barriers against U.S. farmers, and other businesses, will finally be broken. Massive trade deficits no longer!
The appointment of the Special Councel is totally UNCONSTITUTIONAL! Despite that, we play the game because I, unlike the Democrats, have done nothing wrong!
The U.S. has made such bad trade deals over so many years that we can only WIN!
China already charges a tax of 16% on soybeans. Canada has all sorts of trade barriers on our Agricultural products. Not acceptable!
As has been stated by numerous legal scholars, I have the absolute right to PARDON myself, but why would I do that when I have done nothing wrong? In the meantime, the never ending Witch Hunt, led by 13 very Angry and Conflicted Democrats (&amp, others) continues into the mid-terms!
“This is the best time EVER to look for a job.” James Freeman of WSJ.
RT @Scavino45: cc: @POTUS @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/MasB5mdUVS
....We had Repeal &amp, Replace done (and the saving to our country of one trillion dollars) except for one person, but it is getting done anyway. Individual Mandate is gone and great, less expensive plans will be announced this month. Drug prices coming down &amp, Right to Try!
This is my 500th. Day in Office and we have accomplished a lot - many believe more than any President in his first 500 days. Massive Tax &amp, Regulation Cuts, Military &amp, Vets, Lower Crime &amp, Illegal Immigration, Stronger Borders, Judgeships, Best Economy &amp, Jobs EVER, and much more...
Mark Penn  “Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff? Why is there an Independent Counsel? To go after people and their families for unrelated offenses...Constitution was set up to prevent this...Stormtrooper tactics almost.” A disgrace!
Mark Penn  “Why are there people from the Clinton Foundation on the Mueller Staff? Why is there an Independent Councel? To go after people and their families for unrelated offenses...Constitution was set up to prevent this...Stormtrooper tactics almost.” A disgrace!
Looking forward to seeing Joshua Holt this evening in the White House. The great people of Utah are Celebrating!
....Paul Manafort came into the campaign very late and was with us for a short period of time (he represented Ronald Reagan, Bob Dole &amp, many others over the years), but we should have been told that Comey and the boys were doing a number on him, and he wouldn’t have been hired!
As only one of two people left who could become President, why wouldn’t the FBI or Department of “Justice” have told me that they were secretly investigating Paul Manafort (on charges that were 10 years old and had been previously dropped) during my campaign? Should have told me!
Jesse Watters “The only thing Trump obstructed was Hillary getting to the White House.”  So true!
When you’re almost 800 Billion Dollars a year down on Trade, you can’t lose a Trade War! The U.S. has been ripped off by other countries for years on Trade, time to get smart!
RT @CLewandowski_: Looking forward to being on @foxandfriends tomorrow around 7:45 AM on @FoxNews. Hope you watch.
RT @foxandfriends: 223,000 jobs added in May, even the NYT runs out of words to describe how good the numbers are! https://t.co/K1GB8G0zsf
RT @JesseBWatters: The media had it's worst week ever! @charliekirk11 and @JoeConchaTV break it down on @WattersWorld https://t.co/uMEblnh6...
Why is it that the Wall Street Journal, though well meaning, never mentions the unfairness of the Tariffs routinely charged against the U.S. by other countries, or the many Billions of Dollars that the Tariffs we are now charging are, and will be, pouring into U.S. coffers?
The United States must, at long last, be treated fairly on Trade. If we charge a country ZERO to sell their goods, and they charge us 25, 50 or even 100 percent to sell ours, it is UNFAIR and can no longer be tolerated. That is not Free or Fair Trade, it is Stupid Trade!
There was No Collusion with Russia (except by the Democrats). When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever end? So bad for our Country. Is the Special Counsel/Justice Department leaking my lawyers letters to the Fake News Media? Should be looking at Dems corruption instead?
There was No Collusion with Russia (except by the Democrats). When will this very expensive Witch Hunt Hoax ever end? So bad for our Country. Is the Special Councel/Justice Department leaking my lawyers letters to the Fake News Media? Should be looking at Dems corruption instead?
Real @FoxNews is doing great, Fake News CNN is dead! https://t.co/1p37tPiB3v
Very surprised that China would be doing this? https://t.co/D03kV07dF7
https://t.co/8lI2lomGkh
RT @KimKardashian: I would like to thank President Trump for his time this afternoon. It is our hope that the President will grant clemency...
Now this is a record that will never be broken! https://t.co/rtpLfvsBU5
....“$17 million spent, it’s a scam Investigation. Americans are being worked. We now know there was Russian collusion, with Russians and the Democrats. The Mueller team is stacked with anti-Trumpers, who actually represented Clinton people (&amp, gave $’s to Crooked H).” Dan Bongino
“John Brennan, no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the intelligence community than this liar. Not only is he a liar, he’s a liar about being a liar.”  Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends
“John Brennan, no single figure in American history has done more to discredit the Intelligence community than this liar. He’s a liar about being a liar.”
“We ran out of words to describe how good the jobs numbers are.”  Neil Irwin of the @nytimes.
Today, it was my great honor to be with the brave men and women of the United States Coast Guard! https://t.co/RAyPbOGXuZ
RT @FoxNews: President @realDonaldTrump participates in the U.S. Coast Guard [@USCG] Change-of-Command Ceremony. https://t.co/ekWubVkf1h
Canada has treated our Agricultural business and Farmers very poorly for a very long period of time. Highly restrictive on Trade! They must open their markets and take down their trade barriers! They report a really high surplus on trade with us. Do Timber &amp, Lumber in U.S.?
Looking forward to seeing the employment numbers at 8:30 this morning.
Why aren’t they firing no talent Samantha Bee for the horrible language used on her low ratings show? A total double standard but that’s O.K., we are Winning, and will be doing so for a long time to come!
A.P. has just reported that the Russian Hoax Investigation has now cost our government over $17 million, and going up fast. No Collusion, except by the Democrats!
FAIR TRADE!
RT @SecPompeo: The proposed summit offers a historic opening for @POTUS and Chairman Kim to boldly lead U.S. and #DPRK into a new era of pe...
Will be giving a Full Pardon to Dinesh D’Souza today. He was treated very unfairly by our government!
Very good meetings with North Korea.
Not that it matters but I never fired James Comey because of Russia! The Corrupt Mainstream Media loves to keep pushing that narrative, but they know it is not true!
The corrupt Mainstream Media is working overtime not to mention the infiltration of people, Spies (Informants), into my campaign! Surveillance much?
Iger, where is my call of apology? You and ABC have offended millions of people, and they demand a response. How is Brian Ross doing? He tanked the market with an ABC lie, yet no apology. Double Standard!
RT @AP_Politics: Trump set to promote youth sports, wants such activities to be more accessible to economically disadvantaged children: htt...
RT @dougmillsnyt: Children race as @realDonaldTrump looks on with @IvankaTrump and New York Yankees legend Mariano Rivera they as they part...
RT @HerschelWalker: What an awesome day in D.C. participating @WhiteHouse Sports &amp, Fitness Day with @IvankaTrump @POTUS @MistyMayTreanor @M...
RUSH LIMBAUGH  “If the FBI was so concerned, and if they weren’t targeting Trump, they should have told Trump. If they were really concerned about the Russians infiltrating a campaign (hoax), then why not try to stop it? Why not tell Trump? Because they were pushing this scam.”
“The recusal of Jeff Sessions was an unforced betrayal of the President of the United States.” JOE DIGENOVA, former U.S. Attorney.
RT @Scavino45: President Trump kisses Jordan McLinn, who suffers from Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD), after signing the #RightToTry Act...
The soon to be released book, “The Russia Hoax, The Illicit Scheme To Clear Hillary Clinton And Frame Donald Trump,” written by Gregg Jarrett, looks like a real deal big hit. The Phony Witch Hunt will be opened up for the world to see! Out in 5 weeks.
Very importantly, @RepDanDonovan will win for the Republicans in November...and his opponent will not. Remember Alabama. We can’t take any chances on losing to a Nancy Pelosi controlled Democrat!
There is no one better to represent the people of N.Y. and Staten Island (a place I know very well) than @RepDanDonovan, who is strong on Borders &amp, Crime, loves our Military &amp, our Vets, voted for Tax Cuts and is helping me to Make America Great Again. Dan has my full endorsement!
Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing. https://t.co/uOy4UJ41JF
Moments ago, it was my great honor to sign #RightToTry into law! https://t.co/mtPiHsBc1H https://t.co/hFtpyJlV4h
With the #RightToTry Law I signed today, patients with life threatening illnesses will finally have access to experimental treatments that could improve or even cure their conditions. These are experimental treatments and products that have shown great promise... https://t.co/FIUwhpUpoL
Today I am proud to keep another promise to the American people as I sign the #RightToTry Legislation into law. https://t.co/VD8CN5YfIo
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn’t get the call?
The Failing and Corrupt @nytimes estimated the crowd last night at “1000 people,” when in fact it was many times that number - and the arena was rockin’. This is the way they demean and disparage. They are very dishonest people who don’t “get” me, and never did!
....There are lots of really good lawyers in the country, he could have picked somebody else!” And I wish I did!
....chief law enforcement officer, and they told me later, ‘oh by the way I’m not going to be able to participate in the most important case in the office, I would be frustrated too...and that’s how I read that - Senator Sessions, why didn’t you tell me before I picked you.....
Rep.Trey Gowdy, “I don’t think so, I think what the President is doing is expressing frustration that Attorney General Sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before he took the job, not afterward. If I were the President and I picked someone to be the country’s....
RT @Scavino45: Today, @POTUS @realDonaldTrump welcomed 106-year-old Pearl Harbor veteran Ray Chavez of Poway, California to the @WhiteHouse...
The Fake Mainstream Media has, from the time I announced I was running for President, run the most highly sophisticated &amp, dishonest Disinformation Campaign in the history of politics. No matter how well WE do, they find fault. But the forgotten men &amp, women WON, I’m President!
Sorry, I’ve got to start focusing my energy on North Korea Nuclear, bad Trade Deals, VA Choice, the Economy, rebuilding the Military, and so much more, and not on the Rigged Russia Witch Hunt that should be investigating Clinton/Russia/FBI/Justice/Obama/Comey/Lynch etc.
Why aren’t the 13 Angry and heavily conflicted Democrats investigating the totally Crooked Campaign of totally Crooked Hillary Clinton. It’s a Rigged Witch Hunt, that’s why! Ask them if they enjoyed her after election celebration!
The 13 Angry Democrats (plus people who worked 8 years for Obama) working on the rigged Russia Witch Hunt, will be MEDDLING with the mid-term elections, especially now that Republicans (stay tough!) are taking the lead in Polls. There was no Collusion, except by the Democrats!
“This investigation involved far more surveillance than we ever had any idea about. It wasn’t just a wiretap against a campaign aide...it was secretly gathering information on the Trump Campaign...people call that Spying...this is unprecedented and  scandalous.” Mollie Hemingway
We have put a great team together for our talks with North Korea. Meetings are currently taking place concerning Summit, and more. Kim Young Chol, the Vice Chairman of North Korea, heading now to New York. Solid response to my letter, thank you!
Democrats mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from Obama’s term showing children from the Border in steel cages. They thought it was recent pictures in order to make us look bad, but backfires. Dems must agree to Wall and new Border Protection for good of country...Bipartisan Bill!
California has a rare opportunity to turn things around and solve its high crime, high tax, problems - along with so many others. On June 5th., vote for GOP Gubernatorial Candidate JOHN COX, a really good and highly competent man. He’ll Make California Great Again!
A Democratic lawmaker just introduced a bill to Repeal the GOP Tax Cuts (no chance). This is too good to be true for Republicans...Remember, the Nancy Pelosi Dems are also weak on Crime, the Border and want to be gentle and kind to MS-13 gang members...not good!
Our fallen heroes have not only written our history they have shaped our destiny. They saved the lives of the men and women with whom they served. They cared for their families more than anything in the world, they loved their families. They inspired their communities... https://t.co/Q9cOcQeEDc
The heroes who rest in these hallowed fields, in cemeteries, battlefields, and burial grounds near and far are drawn the full tapestry of American life. They came from every generation from towering cities and wind swept prairies, from privilege and from poverty... https://t.co/aOw3QwN2SV
Thank you for joining us on this solemn day of remembrance. We are gathered here on the sacred soil of @ArlingtonNatl Cemetery to honor the lives and deeds of America's greatest heroes, the men and women who laid down their lives for our freedom. #MemorialDay https://t.co/YSYAHf7bNu
“We now find out that the Obama Administration put the opposing campaigns presidential candidate, or his campaign, under investigation. That raises legitimate questions. I just find this really odd...this goes to the heart of our electoral system.” Jonathan Turley on @FoxNews
“Sally Yates is part of concerns people have raised about bias in the Justice Dept. I find her actions to be really quite unbelievable.” Jonathan Turley
“The President deserves some answers.” @FoxNews in discussing “SPYGATE.”
Happy Memorial Day! Those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today. Best economy in decades, lowest unemployment numbers for Blacks and Hispanics EVER (&amp, women in 18years), rebuilding our Military and so much more. Nice!
#MemorialDay🇺🇸 https://t.co/Iohcuhi4dQ
Why didn’t President Obama do something about the so-called Russian Meddling when he was told about it by the FBI before the Election? Because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win, and he didn’t want to upset the apple cart! He was in charge, not me, and did nothing.
Our United States team has arrived in North Korea to make arrangements for the Summit between Kim Jong Un and myself. I truly believe North Korea has brilliant potential and will be a great economic and financial Nation one day. Kim Jong Un agrees with me on this. It will happen!
Why didn’t the 13 Angry Democrats investigate the campaign of Crooked Hillary Clinton, many crimes, much Collusion with Russia? Why didn’t the FBI take the Server from the DNC?  Rigged Investigation!
Fantastic to have 400,000 GREAT MEN &amp, WOMEN of Rolling Thunder in D.C. showing their patriotism. They love our Country, they love our Flag, they stand for our National Anthem! Thanks to Executive Director Artie Muller.
Who’s going to give back the young and beautiful lives (and others) that have been devastated and destroyed by the phony Russia Collusion Witch Hunt? They journeyed down to Washington, D.C., with stars in their eyes and wanting to help our nation...They went back home in tatters!
WELCOME HOME JOSH! https://t.co/2X0cKE4stx
Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Moon Jae-in of the Republic of Korea to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇰🇷 https://t.co/yvOxNiA1DM
When will the 13 Angry Democrats (&amp, those who worked for President O), reveal their disqualifying Conflicts of Interest? It’s been a long time now! Will they be indelibly written into the Report along with the fact that the only Collusion is with the Dems, Justice, FBI &amp, Russia?
This whole Russia Probe is Rigged. Just an excuse as to why the Dems and Crooked Hillary lost the Election and States that haven’t been lost in decades. 13 Angry Democrats, and all Dems if you include the people who worked for Obama for 8 years. #SPYGATE &amp, CONFLICTS OF INTEREST!
With Spies, or “Informants” as the Democrats like to call them because it sounds less sinister (but it’s not), all over my campaign, even from a very early date, why didn’t the crooked highest levels of the FBI or “Justice” contact me to tell me of the  phony Russia problem?
The Failing @nytimes quotes “a senior White House official,” who doesn’t exist, as saying “even if the meeting were reinstated, holding it on June 12 would be impossible, given the lack of time and the amount of planning needed.” WRONG AGAIN! Use real people, not phony sources.
Unlike what the Failing and Corrupt New York Times would like people to believe, there is ZERO disagreement within the Trump Administration as to  how to deal with North Korea...and if there was, it wouldn’t matter. The @nytimes has called me wrong right from the beginning!
Thanks to very brave Teacher &amp, Hero Jason Seaman of Noblesville, Indiana, for his heroic act in saving so many precious young lives. His quick and automatic action is being talked about all over the world!
https://t.co/4zENOQPQ11
Put pressure on the Democrats to end the horrible law that separates children from there parents once they cross the Border into the U.S. Catch and Release, Lottery and Chain must also go with it and we MUST continue building the WALL! DEMOCRATS ARE PROTECTING MS-13 THUGS.
Good news about the release of the American hostage from Venezuela. Should be landing in D.C. this evening and be in the White House, with his family, at about 7:00 P.M. The great people of Utah will be very happy!
We are having very productive talks with North Korea about reinstating the Summit which, if it does happen, will likely remain in Singapore on the same date, June 12th., and, if necessary, will be extended beyond that date.
...but complain and obstruct. They made only bad deals (Iran) and their so-called Trade Deals are the laughing stock of the world!
Senator Schumer and Obama Administration let phone company ZTE flourish with no security checks. I closed it down then let it reopen with high level security guarantees, change of management and board, must purchase U.S. parts and pay a $1.3 Billion fine. Dems do nothing....
Funny to watch the Democrats criticize Trade Deals being negotiated by me when they don’t even know what the deals are and when for 8 years the Obama Administration did NOTHING on trade except let other countries rip off the United States. Lost almost $800 Billion/year under “O”
Chicago Police have every right to legally protest against the mayor and an administration that just won’t let them do their job. The killings are at a record pace and tough police work, which Chicago will not allow, would bring things back to order fast...the killings must stop!
To the @NavalAcademy Class of 2018, I say: We know you are up to the task. We know you will make us proud. We know that glory will be yours. Because you are WINNERS, you are WARRIORS, you are FIGHTERS, you are CHAMPIONS, and YOU will lead us to VICTORY! God Bless the U.S.A.! https://t.co/V9TgEo8MY4
On behalf of the American People, CONGRATULATIONS! We love you! https://t.co/YRlj0vRXwk
Today, it was my great honor to deliver the 2018 Commencement Address at the United States @NavalAcademy in Annapolis, Maryland. Congratulations!Good luck. Godspeed. And ANCHORS AWEIGH! https://t.co/aoLBK7y16a
Very good news to receive the warm and productive statement from North Korea. We will soon see where it will lead, hopefully to long and enduring prosperity and peace. Only time (and talent) will tell!
Democrats are so obviously rooting against us in our negotiations with North Korea. Just like they are coming to the defense of MS 13 thugs, saying that they are individuals &amp, must be nurtured, or asking to end your big Tax Cuts &amp, raise your taxes instead. Dems have lost touch!
“Everyone knows there was a Spy, and in fact the people who were involved in the Spying are admitting that there was a Spy...Widespread Spying involving multiple people.” Mollie Hemingway, The Federalist Senior Editor  But the corrupt Mainstream Media hates this monster story!
Can anyone even imagine having Spies placed in a competing campaign, by the people and party in absolute power, for the sole purpose of political advantage and gain? And to think that the party in question, even with the expenditure of far more money, LOST!
The Democrats are now alluding to the the concept that having an Informant placed in an opposing party’s campaign is different than having a Spy, as illegal as that may be. But what about an “Informant” who is paid a fortune and who “sets up” way earlier than the Russian Hoax?
I will be making the Commencment Address today at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland. Look forward to being with some of the greatest people on earth!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Not surprisingly, the GREAT Men &amp, Women of the FBI are starting to speak out against Comey, McCabe and all of the poli...
Today, it was my great honor to present the #MedalOfHonor to @USNavy (SEAL) Master Chief Special Warfare Operator Britt Slabinski in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse. Full ceremony: https://t.co/2UldFozRh1 https://t.co/R3ACmkWsqJ
"Today, it was my honor to sign #S2155, the ""Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act.” Read more: https://t.co/sYZ4PzzxxW https://t.co/gi0qGe6ukX"
I have decided to terminate the planned Summit in Singapore on June 12th. While many things can happen and a great opportunity lies ahead potentially, I believe that this is a tremendous setback for North Korea and indeed a setback for the world... https://t.co/jT0GfxT0Lc
It was my great honor to host a roundtable re: MS-13 yesterday in Bethpage, New York. Democrats must abandon their resistance to border security so that we can SUPPORT law enforcement and SAVE innocent lives! https://t.co/pxe9Z4efyZ
RT @FoxNews: WATCH: @POTUS on his decision to cancel the planned North Korea summit. https://t.co/UlzBnkOdzs https://t.co/LTKbqNDfNU
Sadly, I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jong Un. https://t.co/rLwXxBxFKx
Sadly, I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jung Un. https://t.co/qEoi9ymUEz
Not surprisingly, the GREAT Men &amp, Women of the FBI are starting to speak out against Comey, McCabe and all of the political corruption and poor leadership found within the top ranks of the FBI. Comey was a terrible and corrupt leader who inflicted great pain on the FBI! #SPYGATE
China has agreed to buy massive amounts of ADDITIONAL Farm/Agricultural Products - would be one of the best things to happen to our farmers in many years!
Clapper has now admitted that there was Spying in my campaign. Large dollars were paid to the Spy, far beyond normal. Starting to look like one of the biggest political scandals in U.S. history. SPYGATE - a terrible thing!
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Great to be in New York for the day. Heading back to the @WhiteHouse now, lots of work to be done! https://t.co/w3LUiQ8SWh
Thank you to all of the incredible law enforcement officers and firefighters in Bethpage, New York. Keep up the great work! https://t.co/SMaZ8Hfas4
Crippling loopholes in our laws have enabled MS-13 gang members and other criminals to infiltrate our communities - and Democrats in Congress REFUSE to close these loopholes, including the disgraceful practice known as Catch-and-Release. Democrats must abandon their resistance... https://t.co/VkMCIzwt8v
Today on Long Island, we were all moved to be joined by families who have suffered unthinkable heartbreak at the hands of MS-13. I was truly honored to be joined again by the courageous families who were my guests at the State of the Union... https://t.co/Gs0CGJYqXU
Thank you @SBAList! #SBAGala https://t.co/mPKwukX08o
WITCH HUNT!
There will be big news coming soon for our great American Autoworkers. After many decades of losing your jobs to other countries, you have waited long enough!
Big legislation will be signed by me shortly. After many years, RIGHT TO TRY and big changes to DODD FRANK.
Our Trade Deal with China is moving along nicely, but in the end we will probably have to use a different structure in that this will be too hard to get done and to verify results after completion.
“Trump should be happy that the FBI was SPYING on his campaign” No, James Clapper, I am not happy. Spying on a campaign would be illegal, and a scandal to boot!
Everybody is with Tomi Lahren, a truly outstanding and respected young woman! @foxandfriends
SPYGATE could be one of the biggest political scandals in history!
“It’s clear that they had eyes and ears all over the Trump Campaign” Judge Andrew Napolitano
Look how things have turned around on the Criminal Deep State. They go after Phony Collusion with Russia, a made up Scam, and end up getting caught in a major SPY scandal the likes of which this country may never have seen before! What goes around, comes around!
@foxandfriends  “New Bombshell in the Obama Spying Scandal. Did other Agencies SPY on Trump Campaign?” Even Clapper, worlds dumbest former Intelligence Head, who has the problem of lying a lot, used the word SPY when describing the illegal activities!
...Follow the money! The spy was there early in the campaign and yet never reported Collusion with Russia, because there was no Collusion. He was only there to spy for political reasons and to help Crooked Hillary win - just like they did to Bernie Sanders, who got duped!
If the person placed very early into my campaign wasn’t a SPY put there by the previous Administration for political purposes, how come such a seemingly massive amount of money was paid for services rendered - many times higher than normal...
For the first time since Roe v. Wade, America has a Pro-Life President, a Pro-Life Vice President, a Pro-Life House of Representatives and 25 Pro-Life Republican State Capitals! https://t.co/EfF54tmetT
It was my honor to welcome @NASCAR Cup Series Champion @MartinTruex_Jr and his team to the @WhiteHouse yesterday! https://t.co/5cr2oybrnQ
When you’re already $500 Billion DOWN, you can’t lose!
.@AsaHutchinson, the great Governor of Arkansas, is in a primary tomorrow. He has done an incredible job with a focus on lower taxes, border security, and crime prevention. Asa loves our military and our veterans. I fully endorse Asa for Governor!
Under our potential deal with China, they will purchase from our Great American Farmers practically as much as our Farmers can produce.
The Wall Street Journal asks, “WHERE IN THE WORLD WAS BARACK OBAMA?”  A very good question!
...they then used to start an investigation about Trump. It is that simple. This guy is the genesis of this whole Debacle. This was a Political hit job, this was not an Intelligence Investigation. Brennan has disgraced himself, he’s worried about staying out of Jail.” Dan Bongino
....top of the FBI. Brennan started this entire debacle about President Trump. We now know that Brennan had detailed knowledge of the (phony) Dossier...he knows about the Dossier, he denies knowledge of the Dossier, he briefs the Gang of 8 on the Hill about the Dossier, which....
“John Brennan is panicking. He has disgraced himself, he has disgraced the Country, he has disgraced the entire Intelligence Community. He is the one man who is largely responsible for the destruction of American’s faith in the Intelligence Community and in some people at the....
China must continue to be strong &amp, tight on the Border of North Korea until a deal is made. The word is that recently the Border has become much more porous and more has been filtering in. I want this to happen, and North Korea to be VERY successful, but only after signing!
On China, Barriers and Tariffs to come down for first time.
I ask Senator Chuck Schumer, why didn’t President Obama &amp, the Democrats do something about Trade with China, including Theft of Intellectual Property etc.? They did NOTHING! With that being said, Chuck &amp, I have long agreed on this issue! Fair Trade, plus, with China will happen!
I hereby demand, and will do so officially tomorrow, that the Department of Justice look into whether or not the FBI/DOJ infiltrated or surveilled the Trump Campaign for Political Purposes - and if any such demands or requests were made by people within the Obama Administration!
RT @EricTrump: It is emotional day being back at @StJude in celebration of our dear friend Colin! He was a beautiful child who we will all...
The Witch Hunt finds no Collusion with Russia - so now they’re looking at the rest of the World. Oh’ great!
....and why hasn’t the Podesta brother been charged and arrested, like others, after being forced to close down his very large and successful firm? Is it because he is a VERY well connected Democrat working in the Swamp of Washington, D.C.?
What ever happened to the Server, at the center of so much Corruption, that the Democratic National Committee REFUSED to hand over to the hard charging (except in the case of Democrats) FBI? They broke into homes &amp, offices early in the morning, but were afraid to take the Server?
Now that the Witch Hunt has given up on Russia and is looking at the rest of the World, they should easily be able to take it into the Mid-Term Elections where they can put some hurt on the Republican Party. Don’t worry about Dems FISA Abuse, missing Emails or Fraudulent Dossier!
...in the Hillary Clinton Campaign where she deleted 33,000 Emails, got $145,000,000 while Secretary of State, paid McCabes wife $700,000 (and got off the FBI hook along with Terry M) and so much more. Republicans and real Americans should start getting tough on this Scam.
....At what point does this soon to be $20,000,000 Witch Hunt, composed of 13 Angry and Heavily Conflicted Democrats and two people who have worked for Obama for 8 years, STOP! They have found no Collussion with Russia, No Obstruction, but they aren’t looking at the corruption...
Things are really getting ridiculous. The Failing and Crooked (but not as Crooked as Hillary Clinton) @nytimes has done a long &amp, boring story indicating that the World’s most expensive Witch Hunt has found nothing on Russia &amp, me so now they are looking at the rest of the World!
If the FBI or DOJ was infiltrating a campaign for the benefit of another campaign, that is a really big deal. Only the release or review of documents that the House Intelligence Committee (also, Senate Judiciary) is asking for can give the conclusive answers. Drain the Swamp!
Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melania is feeling and doing really well. Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes!
Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House. Melanie is feeling and doing really well. Thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes!
Happy #ArmedForcesDay to our GREAT military men and women for their selfless service to our Nation! https://t.co/jbJvrkV1hH
RT @realDonaldTrump: We grieve for the terrible loss of life, and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack in...
America is blessed with extraordinary energy abundance, including more than 250 years worth of beautiful clean coal. We have ended the war on coal, and will continue to work to promote American energy dominance!
California finally deserves a great Governor, one who understands borders, crime and lowering taxes. John Cox is the man - he’ll be the best Governor you’ve ever had. I fully endorse John Cox for Governor and look forward to working with him to Make California Great Again!
Just met with UN Secretary-General António Guterres who is working hard to “Make the United Nations Great Again.” When the UN does more to solve conflicts around the world, it means the U.S. has less to do and we save money. @NikkiHaley is doing a fantastic job! https://t.co/pqUv6cyH2z
America is a Nation that believes in the power of redemption. America is a Nation that believes in second chances - and America is a Nation that believes that the best is always yet to come! #PrisonReform https://t.co/Yk5UJUYgHN
RT @SteveForbesCEO: .@realDonaldTrump speech on drug costs pays immediate dividends. New @Amgen drug lists at 30% less than expected. Middl...
We grieve for the terrible loss of life, and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack in Texas. To the students, families, teachers and personnel at Santa Fe High School – we are with you in this tragic hour, and we will be with you forever... https://t.co/LtJ0D29Hsv
School shooting in Texas. Early reports not looking good. God bless all!
Reports are there was indeed at least one FBI representative implanted, for political purposes, into my campaign for president. It took place very early on, and long before the phony Russia Hoax became a “hot” Fake News story. If true - all time biggest political scandal!
Why isn’t disgraced FBI official Andrew McCabe being investigated for the $700,000 Crooked Hillary Democrats in Virginia, led by Clinton best friend Terry M (under FBI investigation that they killed) gave to McCabe’s wife in her run for office? Then dropped case on Clinton!
Fake News Media had me calling Immigrants, or Illegal Immigrants, “Animals.” Wrong! They were begrudgingly forced to withdraw their stories. I referred to MS 13 Gang Members as “Animals,” a big difference - and so true. Fake News got it purposely wrong, as usual!
“Apparently the DOJ put a Spy in the Trump Campaign. This has never been done before and by any means necessary, they are out to frame Donald Trump for crimes he didn’t commit.”  David Asman  @LouDobbs @GreggJarrett   Really bad stuff!
RT @WhiteHouse: #Laurel? #Yanny? Or... https://t.co/5hth07SdGY
It was my great honor to visit with our HEROES last night at Walter Reed Medical Center. There is nobody like them! https://t.co/fG5W1SwIHK
Tomorrow, the House will vote on a strong Farm Bill, which includes work requirements. We must support our Nation’s great farmers!
Great talk with my friend President Mauricio Macri of Argentina this week. He is doing such a good job for Argentina. I support his vision for transforming his country’s economy and unleashing its potential!
Talking trade with the Vice Premier of the People’s Republic of China, Liu He. https://t.co/9T7Iq6F3Xe
Congratulations to our new CIA Director, Gina Haspel! https://t.co/n1xj9LSV9D
Congrats to the House for passing the VA MISSION Act yesterday. Without this funding our veterans will be forced to stand in never ending lines in order to receive care. Putting politics over our veterans care is UNACCEPTABLE – Senate must vote yes on this bill by Memorial Day!
Despite the disgusting, illegal and unwarranted Witch Hunt, we have had the most successful first 17 month Administration in U.S. history - by far! Sorry to the Fake News Media and “Haters,” but that’s the way it is!
Wow, word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI “SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN EMBEDDED INFORMANT.” Andrew McCarthy says, “There’s probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign.” If so, this is bigger than Watergate!
Wow, word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI “SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN IMBEDDED INFORMANT.” Andrew McCarthy says, “There’s probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign.” If so, this is bigger than Watergate!
Congratulations America, we are now into the second year of the greatest Witch Hunt in American History...and there is still No Collusion and No Obstruction. The only Collusion was that done by Democrats who were unable to win an Election despite the spending of far more money!
Gina Haspel is one step closer to leading our brave men and women at the CIA. She is exceptionally qualified and the Senate should confirm her immediately. We need her to keep our great country safe! #ConfirmGina
...and voted against the massive Tax Cut Bill. He’s also weak on borders and crime. Sadly, our great Military and Vets mean nothing to Bobby Jr. Lou Barletta will win! #MAGA
Lou Barletta will be a great Senator for Pennsylvania but his opponent, Bob Casey, has been a do-nothing Senator who only shows up at election time. He votes along the Nancy Pelosi, Elizabeth Warren lines, loves sanctuary cities, bad and expensive healthcare...
Today, it was my great honor to welcome President Mirziyoyev of Uzbekistan to the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/3EkHChjnYA
House votes today on Choice/MISSION Act. Who will stand with our Great Vets, caregivers, and Veterans Service Organizations? Must get Choice passed by Memorial Day!
...haven’t even started yet! The U.S. has very little to give, because it has given so much over the years. China has much to give!
...We have not seen China’s demands yet, which should be few in that previous U.S. Administrations have done so poorly in negotiating. China has seen our demands. There has been no folding as the media would love people to believe, the meetings...
The Washington Post and CNN have typically written false stories about our trade negotiations with China. Nothing has happened with ZTE except as it pertains to the larger trade deal. Our country has been losing hundreds of billions of dollars a year with China...
Congratulations to Deb Fischer. The people of Nebraska have seen what a great job she is doing - and it showed up at the ballot box! #MAGA
Congratulations to Lou Barletta of Pennsylvania. He will be a great Senator and will represent his people well - like they haven’t been represented in many years. Lou is a friend of mine and a special guy, he will very much help MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to the Washington Examiner and @CortesSteve on the great article - on WINNING! https://t.co/b5dfUABN5q
#PeaceOfficersMemorialDay https://t.co/agxulpPyag
Today is one of the most important and solemn occasions of the year – the day we pay tribute to the Law Enforcement Heroes who gave their lives in the line of duty. They made the ultimate sacrifice so that we could live in safety and peace. We stand with our police (HEROES) 100%! https://t.co/XDtYRUeOk1
Nebraska - make sure you get out to the polls and VOTE for Deb Fischer today! https://t.co/bDHVaGv2FS
Can you believe that with all of the made up, unsourced stories I get from the Fake News Media, together with the  $10,000,000 Russian Witch Hunt (there is no Collusion), I now have my best Poll Numbers in a year. Much of the Media may be corrupt, but the People truly get it!
Trade negotiations are continuing with China. They have been making hundreds of billions of dollars a year from the U.S., for many years. Stay tuned!
Thank you @HeyTammyBruce! https://t.co/WYtJQmWv26
Heading over to Walter Reed Medical Center to see our great First Lady, Melania. Successful procedure, she is in good spirits. Thank you to all of the well-wishers!
The so-called leaks coming out of the White House are a massive over  exaggeration put out by the Fake News Media in order to make us look as bad as possible. With that being said, leakers are traitors and cowards, and we will find out who they are!
ZTE, the large Chinese phone company, buys a big percentage of individual parts from U.S. companies. This is also reflective of the larger trade deal we are negotiating with China and my personal relationship with President Xi.
#USEmbassyJerusalem https://t.co/f1SFvrkcAH
Big day for Israel. Congratulations!
U.S. Embassy opening in Jerusalem will be covered live on @FoxNews &amp, @FoxBusiness. Lead up to 9:00 A.M. (eastern) event has already begun. A great day for Israel!
So sad to see the Terror Attack in Paris. At some point countries will have to open their eyes &amp, see what is really going on. This kind of sickness &amp, hatred is not compatible with a loving, peaceful, &amp, successful country! Changes to our thought process on terror must be made.
Remember how badly Iran was behaving with the Iran Deal in place. They were trying to take over the Middle East by whatever means necessary. Now, that will not happen!
China and the United States are working well together on trade, but past negotiations have been so one sided in favor of China, for so many years, that it is hard for them to make a deal that benefits both countries. But be cool, it will all work out!
President Xi of China, and I, are working together to give massive Chinese phone company, ZTE, a way to get back into business, fast. Too many jobs in China lost. Commerce Department has been instructed to get it done!
Happy Mother’s Day!!! https://t.co/zw71dnT7TJ
The Senate should get funding done before the August break, or NOT GO HOME. Wall and Border Security should be included. Also waiting for approval of almost 300 nominations, worst in history. Democrats are doing everything possible to obstruct, all they know how to do. STAY!
Iran’s Military Budget is up more than 40% since the Obama negotiated Nuclear Deal was reached...just another indicator that it was all a big lie. But not anymore!
North Korea has announced that they will dismantle Nuclear Test Site this month, ahead of the big Summit Meeting on June 12th. Thank you, a very smart and gracious gesture!
Why doesn’t the Fake News Media state that the Trump Administration’s Anti-Trust Division has been, and is, opposed to the AT&amp,T purchase of Time Warner in a currently ongoing Trial. Such a disgrace in reporting!
The American people deserve a healthcare system that takes care of them – not one that takes advantage of them. We will work every day to ensure all Americans have access to the quality, affordable medication they need and deserve. We will not rest until the job is done! https://t.co/9BzevAniNx
Today, my Administration is launching the most sweeping action in history to lower the price of prescription drugs for the American People. We will have tougher negotiation, more competition, and much lower prices at the pharmacy counter! https://t.co/xdakX43a4d
Thank you Indiana! #MAGA🇺🇸https://t.co/fCv76VyUax
The highly anticipated meeting between Kim Jong Un and myself will take place in Singapore on June 12th. We will both try to make it a very special moment for World Peace!
Five Most Wanted leaders of ISIS just captured!
Senator Cryin’ Chuck Schumer fought hard against the Bad Iran Deal, even going at it with President Obama, &amp, then Voted AGAINST it! Now he says I should not have terminated the deal - but he doesn’t really believe that! Same with Comey. Thought he was terrible until I fired him!
On behalf of the American people, WELCOME HOME! https://t.co/hISaCI95CB
Gina Haspel did a spectacular job today. There is nobody even close to run the CIA!
Looking forward to greeting the Hostages (no longer) at 2:00 A.M.
The Failing New York Times criticized Secretary of State Pompeo for being AWOL (missing), when in fact he was flying to North Korea. Fake News, so bad!
Secretary Pompeo and his “guests” will be landing at Andrews Air Force Base at 2:00 A.M. in the morning. I will be there to greet them. Very exciting!
I am pleased to inform you that Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is in the air and on his way back from North Korea with the 3 wonderful gentlemen that everyone is looking so forward to meeting. They seem to be in good health. Also, good meeting with Kim Jong Un. Date &amp, Place set.
Congratulations to Mike Dewine on his big win in the Great State of Ohio. He will be a great Governor with a heavy focus on HealthCare and Jobs.  His Socialist opponent in November should not do well, a big failure in last job!
Candace Owens of Turning Point USA is having a big impact on politics in our Country. She represents an ever expanding group of very smart “thinkers,” and it is wonderful to watch and hear the dialogue going on...so good for our Country!
Despite the Aluminum Tariffs, Aluminum prices are DOWN 4%. People are surprised, I’m not! Lots of money coming into U.S. coffers and Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
The Fake News is working overtime. Just reported that, despite the tremendous success we are having with the economy &amp, all things else, 91% of the Network News about me is negative (Fake). Why do we work so hard in working with the media when it is corrupt? Take away credentials?
The Republican Party had a great night. Tremendous voter energy and excitement, and all candidates are those who have a great chance of winning in November. The Economy is sooo strong, and with Nancy Pelosi wanting to end the big Tax Cuts and Raise Taxes, why wouldn’t we win?
The Iran Deal is defective at its core. If we do nothing, we know what will happen. In just a short time, the world’s leading state sponsor of terror will be on the cusp of acquiring the world’s most dangerous weapons.... https://t.co/58qwBLzxIH
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""Finally, I want to deliver a message to the long-suffering people of Iran. The people of America stand with you."" https://..."
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""At the heart of the Iran deal was a giant fiction: that a murderous regime desired only a peaceful nuclear energy program...."
Statement on the Iran Nuclear Deal: https://t.co/O3SpryCKkc
John Kerry can’t get over the fact that he had his chance and blew it! Stay away from negotiations John, you are hurting your country!
I will be speaking to my friend, President Xi of China, this morning at 8:30. The primary topics will be Trade, where good things will happen, and North Korea, where relationships and trust are building.
Gina Haspel, my highly respected nominee to lead the CIA, is being praised for the fact that she has been, and alway will be, TOUGH ON TERROR! This is a woman who has been a leader wherever she has gone. The CIA wants her to lead them into America’s  bright and glorious future!
I will be announcing my decision on the Iran Deal tomorrow from the White House at 2:00pm.
National Prescription Drug #TakeBackDay numbers are in! Another record broken: nearly 1 MILLION pounds of Rx pills disposed! Let’s keep fighting this opioid epidemic, America!
The United States does not need John Kerry’s possibly illegal Shadow Diplomacy on the very badly negotiated Iran Deal.  He was the one that created this MESS in the first place!
Is this Phony Witch Hunt going to go on even longer so it wrongfully impacts the Mid-Term Elections, which is what the Democrats always intended? Republicans better get tough and smart before it is too late!
Lisa Page, who may hold the record for the most Emails in the shortest period of time (to her Lover, Peter S), and attorney Baker, are out at the FBI as part of the Probers getting caught? Why is Peter S still there? What a total mess. Our Country has to get back to Business!
“The Great Revolt” by Salena Zito and Brad Todd does much to tell the story of our great Election victory. The Forgotten Men &amp, Women are forgotten no longer!
The 13 Angry Democrats in charge of the Russian Witch Hunt are starting to find out that there is a Court System in place that actually protects people from injustice...and just wait ‘till the Courts get to see your unrevealed Conflicts of Interest!
The Russia Witch Hunt is rapidly losing credibility. House Intelligence Committee found No Collusion, Coordination or anything else with Russia. So now the Probe says OK, what else is there? How about Obstruction for a made up, phony crime.There is no O, it’s called Fighting Back
My highly respected nominee for CIA Director, Gina Haspel, has come under fire because she was too tough on Terrorists. Think of that, in these very dangerous times, we have the most qualified person, a woman, who Democrats want OUT because she is too tough on terror. Win Gina!
To the great people of West Virginia we have, together, a really great chance to keep making a big difference. Problem is, Don Blankenship, currently running for Senate, can’t win the General Election in your State...No way! Remember Alabama. Vote Rep. Jenkins or A.G. Morrisey!
Thank you Cleveland, Ohio! https://t.co/ROEFRLY7jP
Our high level delegation is on the way back from China where they had long meetings with Chinese leaders and business representatives. We will be meeting tomorrow to determine the results, but it is hard for China in that they have become very spoiled with U.S. trade wins!
Just returned home to the beautiful White House, from Dallas, where the Arena was packed to the rafters with the great fans and supporters of the @NRA. It was so wonderful to be there!
Great book just out by very successful businessman @AndyPuzder. Always known as somebody who knows how to win, “Capitalist Comeback” will be a big hit!
I want to thank all of our friends and patriots at the @NRA. We will never fail, and we will always protect your Second Amendment! God Bless you, and God Bless America! https://t.co/3PoNPV24p4
We are going to demand Congress secure the border in the upcoming CR. Illegal immigration must end!
Democrats and liberals in Congress want to disarm law-abiding Americans at the same time they are releasing dangerous criminal aliens and savage gang members onto our streets. Politicians who put criminal aliens before American Citizens should be voted out of office!
All of us here today are united by the same timeless values. We believe that our liberty is a gift from our creator, and that no Government can ever take it away. We believe in the rule of law - and we support the men and women of law enforcement. We have pride in our history... https://t.co/eONj1Y8oju
NBC NEWS is wrong again! They cite “sources” which are constantly wrong. Problem is, like so many others, the sources probably don’t exist, they are fabricated, fiction! NBC, my former home with the Apprentice, is now as bad as Fake News CNN. Sad!
Andy McCarthy will be on  @LouDobbs tonight. 7:00 P.M. , @FoxBusiness.
Because Jobs in the U.S. are doing so well, Americans receiving unemployment aid is the lowest since 1973. Great!
Our Southern Border is under siege. Congress must act now to change our weak and ineffective immigration laws. Must build a Wall. Mexico, which has a massive crime problem, is doing little to help!
#NationalDayOfPrayer https://t.co/nFUc3uyQL8
This spring marks 4yrs since the Phoenix VA crisis. We won't forget what happened to our GREAT VETS. Choice is vital, but the program needs work &amp, is running out of $. Congress must fix Choice Program by Memorial Day so VETS can get the care they deserve. I will sign immediately!
Today, it was my great honor to celebrate the #NationalDayOfPrayer at the @WhiteHouse, in the Rose Garden! Proclamation: https://t.co/4jAxJnBJoq https://t.co/AsWTfpu290
...despite already having signed a detailed letter admitting that there was no affair. Prior to its violation by Ms. Clifford and her attorney, this was a private agreement. Money from the campaign, or campaign contributions, played no roll in this transaction.
...very common among celebrities and people of wealth. In this case it is in full force and effect and will be used in Arbitration for damages against Ms. Clifford (Daniels). The agreement was used to stop the false and extortionist accusations made by her about an affair,......
Mr. Cohen, an attorney, received a monthly retainer, not from the campaign and having nothing to do with the campaign, from which he entered into, through reimbursement, a private contract between two parties, known as a non-disclosure agreement, or NDA. These agreements are.....
Our great financial team is in China trying to negotiate a level playing field on trade! I look forward to being with President Xi in the not too distant future. We will always have a good (great) relationship!
Ainsley Earnhardt, a truly great person, just wrote a wonderful book, “The Light Within Me,” which is doing really well. She is very special and so is her new book...bring it to number one!
As everybody is aware, the past Administration has long been asking for three hostages to be released from a North Korean Labor camp, but to no avail. Stay tuned!
“This isn’t some game. You are screwing with the work of the president of the United States.”  John Dowd, March 2018.  With North Korea, China, the Middle East and so much more, there is not much time to be thinking about this, especially since there was no Russian “Collusion.”
I have been briefed on the U.S. C-130 “Hercules” cargo plane from the Puerto Rico National Guard that crashed near Savannah Hilton Head International Airport. Please join me in thoughts and prayers for the victims, their families and the great men and women of the National Guard.
Congratulations @SecPompeo! https://t.co/ECrMGkXMQF
A Rigged System - They don’t want to turn over Documents to Congress. What are they afraid of? Why so much redacting? Why such unequal “justice?” At some point I will have no choice but to use the powers granted to the Presidency and get involved!
NEW BOOK - A MUST READ! “The Russia Hoax - The Illicit Scheme to Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump” by the brilliant Fox News Legal Analyst Gregg Jarrett. A sad chapter for law enforcement. A rigged system!
“The questions are an intrusion into the President’s Article 2  powers under the Constitution to fire any Executive Branch Employee...what the President was thinking is an outrageous.....as to the President’s unfettered power to fire anyone...” Joe Digenova, former US Attorney
There was no Collusion (it is a Hoax) and there is no Obstruction of Justice (that is a setup &amp, trap). What there is is Negotiations going on with North Korea over Nuclear War, Negotiations going on with China over Trade Deficits, Negotiations on NAFTA, and much more. Witch Hunt!
Today, it was my great honor to thank and welcome heroic crew members and passengers of Southwest Airlines Flight 1380 at the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/fYYgWToddi
Congratulations @ArmyWP_Football! https://t.co/rmaLoZMWtK
Today I had the great honor of awarding the Commander-in-Chief’s Trophy, for the first time in 21 years, to the @ArmyWP_Football Black Knights at the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations!https://t.co/KRQXR3xEES
Yesterday, it was my great honor to welcome President @MBuhari of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇳🇬 https://t.co/ApOC3CUSjV
It would seem very hard to obstruct justice for a crime that never happened! Witch Hunt!
Delegation heading to China to begin talks on the Massive Trade Deficit that has been created with our Country. Very much like North Korea, this should have been fixed years ago, not now. Same with other countries and NAFTA...but it will all get done. Great Potential for USA!
So disgraceful that the questions concerning the Russian Witch Hunt were “leaked” to the media. No questions on Collusion. Oh, I see...you have a made up, phony crime, Collusion, that never existed, and an investigation begun with illegally leaked classified information. Nice!
The White House is running very smoothly despite phony Witch Hunts etc. There is great Energy and unending Stamina, both necessary to get things done. We are accomplishing the unthinkable and setting positive records while doing so! Fake News is going “bonkers!”
The Fake News is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources (who don’t exist). They are totally unhinged, and the great success of this Administration is making them do and say things that even they can’t believe they are saying. Truly bad people!
During Small Business Week, we celebrate the great, hard-working entrepreneurs across our country who have started and operate a small business!
The migrant ‘caravan’ that is openly defying our border shows how weak &amp, ineffective U.S. immigration laws are. Yet Democrats like Jon Tester continue to support the open borders agenda – Tester even voted to protect Sanctuary Cities. We need lawmakers who will put America First.
I recently had a terrific meeting with a bipartisan group of freshman lawmakers who feel very strongly in favor of Congressional term limits. I gave them my full support and endorsement for their efforts. #DrainTheSwamp
Numerous countries are being considered for the MEETING, but would Peace House/Freedom House, on the Border of North &amp, South Korea, be a more Representative, Important and Lasting site than a third party country? Just asking!
The White House Correspondents’ Dinner is DEAD as we know it. This was a total disaster and an embarrassment to our great Country and all that it stands for. FAKE NEWS is alive and well and beautifully represented on Saturday night!
Headline: “Kim Prepared to Cede Nuclear Weapons if U.S. Pledges Not to Invade” - from the Failing New York Times. Also, will shut down Nuclear Test Site in May.
The White House Correspondents’ Dinner was a failure last year, but this year was an embarrassment to everyone associated with it. The filthy “comedian” totally bombed (couldn’t even deliver her lines-much like the Seth Meyers weak performance). Put Dinner to rest, or start over!
“Trump’s Triumphs are driving his critics Crazy!” Thank you Steve Hilton @NextRevFNC, just want to do what is right for our wonderful U.S.A.
Just got recent Poll - much higher than President O at same time....Well, much more has been accomplished!
While Washington, Michigan, was a big success, Washington, D.C., just didn’t work. Everyone is talking about the fact that the White House Correspondents Dinner was a very big, boring bust...the so-called comedian really “bombed.” @greggutfeld should host next year! @PeteHegseth
Great evening last night in Washington, Michigan. The enthusiasm, knowledge and love in that room was unreal. To the many thousands of people who couldn’t get in, I cherish you....and will be back!
Join me LIVE in Washington, Michigan at 7:00pmE on @FoxNews! #MAGA
Secret Service has just informed me that Senator Jon Tester’s statements on Admiral Jackson are not true. There were no such findings. A horrible thing that we in D.C. must live with, just like phony Russian Collusion. Tester should lose race in Montana. Very dishonest and sick!
Look forward to being in the Great State of Michigan tonight. Major business expansion and jobs pouring into your State. Auto companies expanding at record pace. Big crowd tonight, will be live on T.V.
Just had a long and very good talk with President Moon of South Korea. Things are going very well, time and location of meeting with North Korea is being set. Also spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan to inform him of the ongoing negotiations.
“Clapper lied about (fraudulent) Dossier leaks to CNN” @foxandfriends FoxNews  He is a lying machine who now works for Fake News CNN.
....great people of Montana will not stand for this kind of slander when talking of a great human being. Admiral Jackson is the kind of man that those in Montana would most respect and admire, and now, for no reason whatsoever, his reputation has been shattered. Not fair, Tester!
Allegations made by Senator Jon Tester against Admiral/Doctor Ron Jackson are proving false. The Secret Service is unable to confirm (in fact they deny) any of the phony Democrat charges which have absolutely devastated the wonderful Jackson family. Tester should resign. The.....
House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along, it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Counsel appointed. Witch Hunt!
House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along, it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Councel appointed. Witch Hunt!
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""So today, on behalf of the United States, I want to thank every Olympian and Paralympian... To every member of @TeamUSA, I..."
I urge all Americans to participate in #takebackday tomorrow! Let’s come together and BEAT last October’s record of disposed prescription pills! Visit https://t.co/QCG7bHvvxd to learn more on how to participate Saturday and every day. https://t.co/W00YxL1RwK
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""Today I am honored to welcome Chancellor Angela Merkel back to the White House... We are also pleased to have our newly co..."
Thank you @WVGovernor Jim Justice. It was my great honor to be with the amazing people of West Virginia today! #MAGA https://t.co/IwPuQNadMM
Just Out: House Intelligence Committee Report released. “No evidence” that the Trump Campaign “colluded, coordinated or conspired with Russia.” Clinton Campaign paid for Opposition Research obtained from Russia- Wow! A total Witch Hunt! MUST END NOW!
Look forward to meeting with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany today. So much to discuss, so little time! It will be good for both of our great countries!
Kanye West has performed a great service to the Black Community - Big things are happening and eyes are being opened for the first time in Decades - Legacy Stuff! Thank you also to Chance and Dr. Darrell Scott, they really get it (lowest Black &amp, Hispanic unemployment in history).
Please do not forget the great help that my good friend, President Xi of China, has given to the United States, particularly at the Border of North Korea. Without him it would have been a much longer, tougher, process!
So great to have Staff Sgt. Dan Nevins and the incredible WOUNDED WARRIORS with me in the White House yesterday. These are truly brave and special people! @foxandfriends
KOREAN WAR TO END! The United States, and all of its GREAT people, should be very proud of what is now taking place in Korea!
After a furious year of missile launches and Nuclear testing, a historic meeting between North and South Korea is now taking place. Good things are happening, but only time will tell!
Is everybody believing what is going on. James Comey can’t define what a leak is. He illegally leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION but doesn’t understand what he did or how serious it is. He lied all over the place to cover it up. He’s either very sick or very dumb. Remember sailor!
The U.S. has put together a STRONG bid w/ Canada &amp, Mexico for the 2026 World Cup. It would be a shame if countries that we always support were to lobby against the U.S. bid. Why should we be supporting these countries when they don’t support us (including at the United Nations)?
Loved being on @foxandfriends this morning. Great show!
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!
MAGA! https://t.co/jFf5ONASlv
Thank you Kanye, very cool! https://t.co/vRIC87M21X
RT @realDonaldTrump: Democrats are obstructing good (hopefully great) people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our...
Looking forward to my meeting with Tim Cook of Apple. We will be talking about many things, including how the U.S. has been treated unfairly for many years, by many countries, on trade.
.@FLOTUS did a spectacular job hosting the President of France @EmmanuelMacron and his wife Brigitte. Every detail was done to perfection. The State Dining Room never looked more beautiful, and Washington is abuzz over what an incredible job Melania did.
Busy day planned.  Looking forward to watching President Macron of France address a Joint Session of Congress today. This is a great honor and seldom allowed to be done...he will be GREAT!
Congratulations to Republican Debbie Lesko on her big win in the Special Election for Arizona House seat. Debbie will do a Great Job! Press is so silent.
RT @realDonaldTrump: Our two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history, culture, and destiny. We are people who...
Our two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history, culture, and destiny. We are people who cherish our values, protect our civilization, and recognize the image of God in every human soul. https://t.co/01c8iSGDB3
Today, @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome French President @EmmanuelMacron and Mrs. Brigitte Macron to the @WhiteHouse. We look forward to hosting them at tonight's State Dinner, in their honor. https://t.co/wGJcWqSzyP
.@JimRenacci has worked so hard on Tax Reductions, Illegal Immigration, the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic Senator for the Great State of Ohio, and has my full endorsement!
.@JimRenacci has worked so hard on Tax Reductions, Illegal Immigration, the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic  Senator for the Great State of Ohio, and has my full endorsement!
“President Trump Calls the U.S.-France Relationship ‘Unbreakable.’ History Shows He’s Right.” https://t.co/L0gT4rvaJO
Arizona, please get out today and vote @DebbieLesko for Congress in #AZ08. Strong on Border, Immigration and Crime. Great on the Military. Time is ticking down - get out and VOTE today. We need Debbie in Congress!
Americans stand with you and all of Canada, Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau. Our thoughts and prayers are with you all. #TorontoStrong https://t.co/Xo3Cn962z8
Having great meetings and discussions with my friend, President @EmmanuelMacron of France. We are in the midst of meetings on Iran, Syria and Trade. We will be holding a joint press conference shortly, here at the @WhiteHouse. 🇺🇸🇫🇷 https://t.co/ju1FXhgjaD
RT @mike_pence: PROUD to support our friend @VoteMarsha for US Senate representing Tennessee. Marsha Blackburn is a rock-ribbed conservativ...
Here’s a great stat - since January 2017, the number of people forced to use food stamps is down 1.9 million. The American people are finally back to work!
Mexico, whose laws on immigration are very tough, must stop people from going through Mexico and into the U.S. We may make this a condition of the new NAFTA Agreement. Our Country cannot accept what is happening! Also, we must get Wall funding fast.
Despite the Democrat inspired laws on Sanctuary Cities and the Border being so bad and one sided, I have instructed the Secretary of Homeland Security not to let these large Caravans of people into our Country. It is a disgrace. We are the only Country in the World so naive! WALL
Hard to believe Obstructionists May vote against Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State. The Dems will not approve hundreds of good people, including the Ambassador to Germany. They are maxing out the time on approval process for all, never happened before. Need more Republicans!
Thank you to the incredible Law Enforcement Officers from the Palm Beach County Sheriff’s Office. They keep us safe and are very cool about it! https://t.co/NlhxpPwmzT
Kim Strassel of the WSJ just said, after reviewing the dumb Comey Memos, “you got to ask, what was the purpose of the Special Counsel? There’s no there there.” Dan Henninger of the WSJ said Memos would show that this would be one of the weakest obstruction cases ever brought!
Funny how all of the Pundits that couldn’t come close to making a deal on North Korea are now all over the place telling me how to make a deal!
“I can die happy now with Trump Job performance,” stated Mary Matalin. “A great overall President, stunning!” Thank you Mary.
....We are a long way from conclusion on North Korea, maybe things will work out, and maybe they won’t - only time will tell....But the work I am doing now should have been done a long time ago!
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake News NBC just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with North Korea, and they have given up nothing. Wow, we haven’t given up anything &amp, they have agreed to denuclearization (so great for World), site closure, &amp, no more testing!
“GOP Lawmakers asking Sessions to Investigate Comey and Hillary Clinton.” @FoxNews   Good luck with that request!
The Washington Post said I refer to Jeff Sessions as “Mr. Magoo” and Rod Rosenstein as “Mr. Peepers.” This is “according to people with whom the president has spoken.” There are no such people and don’t know these characters...just more Fake &amp, Disgusting News to create ill will!
James Comey’s Memos are Classified, I did not Declassify them. They belong to our Government! Therefore, he broke the law! Additionally, he totally made up many of the things he said I said, and he is already a proven liar and leaker. Where are Memos on Clinton, Lynch &amp, others?
Sylvester Stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion Jack Johnson. His trials and tribulations were great, his life complex and controversial. Others have looked at this over the years, most thought it would be done, but yes, I am considering a Full Pardon!
So funny, the Democrats have sued the Republicans for Winning. Now he R’s counter and force them to turn over a treasure trove of material, including Servers and Emails!
Heading to the Southern White House to watch the Funeral Service of Barbara Bush. First Lady Melania has arrived in Houston to pay our respects. Will be a beautiful day!
Today, my thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bush family. In memory of First Lady Barbara Bush, there is a remembrance display located at her portrait in the Center Hall of the @WhiteHouse. https://t.co/AuJ3RLZyax
Fantastic crowd and great people yesterday in Key West, Florida. Thank you! https://t.co/HqOUFgmbQS
Join me in Washington, Michigan on Saturday, April 28, 2018 at 7:00pm! #MAGA Tickets: https://t.co/DISosdqBuu https://t.co/gHdTgHw5FU
....it means lying or making up stories. Sorry, I don’t see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!
....non-existent “sources” and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael, a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who I have always liked &amp, respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble, even if....
The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Haberman, known as a Crooked H flunkie who I don’t speak to and have nothing to do with, are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will “flip.” They use....
....it means lying or making up stories. Sorry, I don’t see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!
....non-existent “sources” and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael, a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who I have always liked &amp, respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble, even if....
The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Habberman, known as a Crooked H flunkie who I don’t speak to and have nothing to do with, are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will “flip.” They use....
A message from Kim Jong Un: “North Korea will stop nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles.”Also will “Shut down a nuclear test site in the country’s Northern Side to prove the vow to suspend nuclear tests.” Progress being made for all!
RT @SJPFISH: Home Depot co-founder Slams Dem candidates for claiming Millionaires didn't work for their $$$$$$@9mmcassy@Briteeye777@pjbo...
James Comey illegally leaked classified documents to the press in order to generate a Special Council? Therefore, the Special Council was established based on an illegal act? Really, does everybody know what that means?
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI, the Debbie Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.
North Korea has agreed to suspend all Nuclear Tests and close up a major test site. This is very good news for North Korea and the World - big progress! Look forward to our Summit.
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI, the Wendy Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.
Can you believe that despite 93% bad stories from the Fake News Media (should be getting good stories), today we had just about our highest Poll Numbers, including those on Election Day? The American public is wise to the phony an dishonest press. Make America Great Again!
Looks like OPEC is at it again. With record amounts of Oil all over the place, including the fully loaded ships at sea, Oil prices are artificially Very High! No good and will not be accepted!
Nancy Pelosi is going absolutely crazy about the big Tax Cuts given to the American People by the Republicans...got not one Democrat Vote! Here’s a choice. They want to end them and raise your taxes substantially. Republicans are working on making them permanent and more cuts!
So exciting! I have agreed to be the Commencement Speaker at our GREAT Naval Academy on May 25th in Annapolis, Maryland. Looking forward to being there.
So General Michael Flynn’s life can be totally destroyed while Shadey James Comey can Leak and Lie and make lots of money from a third rate book (that should never have been written). Is that really the way life in America is supposed to work? I don’t think so!
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/4zENOQPQ11
James Comey Memos just out and show clearly that there was NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION. Also, he leaked classified information. WOW! Will the Witch Hunt continue?
James Comey just threw Andrew McCabe “under the bus.” Inspector General’s Report on McCabe is a disaster for both of them! Getting a little (lot) of their own medicine?
Sanctuary Cities released at least 142 Gang Members across the United States, making it easy for them to commit all forms of violent crimes where none would have existed. We are doing a great job of law enforcement, but things such as this make safety in America difficult!
My thoughts, prayers and condolences are with the families, friends and colleagues of the two @GCSOFlorida deputies (HEROES) who lost their lives in the line of duty today.
Mike Pompeo is outstanding. First in his class at West Point. A top student at Harvard Law School. A success at whatever he has done. We need the Senate to approve Mike ASAP. He will be a great Secretary of State!
...Hopefully the Senate will not leave Washington until our Ambassadors, Judges and the people who make Washington work are approved. The Democrats are Obstructing the process and we need these people approved for the good of our Country!
Democrats are obstructing good (hopefully great) people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our Government, hence, the American People. They are “slow walking” all of my nominations - hundreds of people. At this rate it would take 9 years for all approvals!
.@MarshaBlackburn is a wonderful woman who has always been there when we have needed her. Great on the Military, Border Security and Crime. Loves and works hard for the people of Tennessee. She has my full endorsement and I will be there to campaign with her!
THANK YOU #JIATFSouth, @Norad_Northcom, @southcomwatch and @DHSgov. Keep up the GREAT work! https://t.co/3v2uG6Jp1T
Just arrived @NASKeyWest! Heading to a briefing with the Joint Interagency Task Force South, NORTHCOM and SOUTHCOM. https://t.co/r906IXnBcG
Governor Jerry Brown announced he will deploy “up to 400 National Guard Troops” to do nothing. The crime rate in California is high enough, and the Federal Government will not be paying for Governor Brown’s charade. We need border security and action, not words!
Thank you San Diego County for defending the rule of law and supporting our lawsuit against California's illegal and unconstitutional 'Sanctuary' policies. California's dangerous policies release violent criminals back into our communities, putting all Americans at risk.
Great meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who has just left Florida. Talked in depth about North Korea, Military and Trade. Good things will happen!
It was my great honor to host my friend @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo and his delegation at Mar-a-Lago for the past two days. Lots accomplished, thank you! #Success🇺🇸🇯🇵 https://t.co/2NnItfwfBl
RT @StateDept: .@POTUS Trump thanks Prime Minister @AbeShinzo for his support, discusses U.S.-Japan cooperation on #NorthKorea, defense, an...
Great working luncheon with U.S. and Japanese Delegations this afternoon! https://t.co/ywU2CEih8b
Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan and myself this morning building an even deeper and better relationship while playing a quick round of golf at Trump International Golf Club. https://t.co/YqU7pHiFoU
Best wishes to Prime Minister @Netanyahu and all of the people of Israel on the 70th Anniversary of your Great Independence. We have no better friends anywhere. Looking forward to moving our Embassy to Jerusalem next month!
Slippery James Comey, the worst FBI Director in history, was not fired because of the phony Russia investigation where, by the way, there was NO COLLUSION (except by the Dems)!
Mike Pompeo met with Kim Jong Un in North Korea last week. Meeting went very smoothly and a good relationship was formed. Details of Summit are being worked out now. Denuclearization will be a great thing for World, but also for North Korea!
A sketch years later about a nonexistent man. A total con job, playing the Fake News Media for Fools (but they know it)! https://t.co/9Is7mHBFda
There is a Revolution going on in California. Soooo many Sanctuary areas want OUT of this ridiculous, crime infested &amp, breeding concept. Jerry Brown is trying to back out of the National Guard at the Border, but the people of the State are not happy. Want Security &amp, Safety NOW!
RT @AbeShinzo: フロリダに到着し、早速トランプ大統領との首脳会談に臨みました。今日は、大半を北朝鮮問題に費やし、非常に重要な点で認識を一致させることができました。「日本のために最善となるようベストを尽くす」トランプ大統領は、来る米朝首脳会談で拉致問題を取り上げ...
RT @IvankaTrump: This year’s #TaxDay is the last time you’ll have to file your taxes through an outdated, broken system. #BYE-BYE https://t...
RT @realDonaldTrump: States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers. Very unfair to tr...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Today’s Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens, i...
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....Congress – House and Senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed f...
While Japan and South Korea would like us to go back into TPP, I don’t like the deal for the United States. Too many contingencies and no way to get out if it doesn’t work. Bilateral deals are far more efficient, profitable and better for OUR workers. Look how bad WTO is to U.S.
Pastor Andrew Brunson, a fine gentleman and Christian leader in the United States, is on trial and being persecuted in Turkey for no reason. They call him a Spy, but I am more a Spy than he is. Hopefully he will be allowed to come home to his beautiful family where he belongs!
It is my great honor to host @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo! https://t.co/QxMpCGRycF
.@FLOTUS Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush: https://t.co/4OW72iddQx
.@FLOTUS Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush: https://t.co/4NzyjxqAFM
States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers. Very unfair to traditional tax paying stores!
RT @IvankaTrump: Great to be with Secretary Mnuchin &amp, former Governor Sununu in Derry, NH on #TaxDay to highlight the tremendous benefits o...
RT @FoxBusiness: WATCH LIVE: @IvankaTrump and @stevenmnuchin1 host tax event on Tax Day in New Hampshire. (Courtesy: WBZ) https://t.co/C3zr...
....Congress – House and Senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed from our society. Keep America Safe!
Today’s Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens, including aggravated felons. This is a public safety crisis that can only be fixed by....
Welcome Prime Minister Abe! https://t.co/538EYyfWDq
Rasmussen just came out at 51% Approval despite the Fake News Media. They were one of the three most accurate on Election Day. Just about the most inaccurate were CNN and ABC News/Washington Post, and they haven’t changed (get new pollsters). Much of the media is a Scam!
Getting ready to meet Prime Minister Abe of Japan, a truly fine gentleman!
RT @NFIB: Our Optimism Index reached its 16th consecutive month in the top 5% of 45 years of survey readings – and it was the 1st time in 3...
RT @VP: Thanks to the historic TRUMP TAX CUTS, today marks the last time the American people will file taxes under a complicated &amp, outdated...
RT @RepKevinBrady: Starting next year, you will be able to file under the new tax law, which means MORE money in your pocket – all without...
RT @WhiteHouse: Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s April 7 attack on innocent civilians violated international law, the Chemical Weapons Co...
RT @WhiteHouse: Out with the old, in with the new: tax cuts and reforms that look out for hardworking taxpayers ⬇️https://t.co/eEHFWkG8xm
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump's tax cuts will generate greater economic opportunities for all. https://t.co/kcTsLNN1Uu
So many people are seeing the benefits of the Tax Cut Bill. Everyone is talking, really nice to see!
Thanks to our historic TAX CUTS, America is open for business, and millions of American workers are seeing more take-home pay through higher wages, salaries and bonuses! https://t.co/0u3dpLJiV2
Looks like Jerry Brown and California are not looking for safety and security along their very porous Border. He cannot come to terms for the National Guard to patrol and protect the Border. The high crime rate will only get higher. Much wanted Wall in San Diego already started!
I am in Florida and looking forward to my meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Working on Trade and Military Security.
Employment is up, Taxes are DOWN. Enjoy!
RT @GOPChairwoman: Crumbs are still coming. #MAGAhttps://t.co/JFZL6czboZ
RT @WaysandMeansGOP: Tomorrow is #TaxDay and the good news is this is the last year you will have to file using the old, broken code. Check...
RT @IvankaTrump: Looking forward to traveling to Manchester, NH tomorrow with Sec @stevenmnuchin1 to celebrate the last #TaxDay under the o...
RT @GOP: Our entire RNC family offers prayers of comfort and peace for Barbara Bush and the entire Bush family.
RT @GOPChairwoman: Comey’s misconduct once led both Republicans and Democrats to call for his firing. His reputation rehabilitation book to...
RT @GOPChairwoman: We’re in a prime position to defend our majorities in 2018. Let’s defy history. #MAGA #LeadRighthttps://t.co/fo8g0pSjWQ
Russia and China are playing the Currency Devaluation game as the U.S. keeps raising interest rates. Not acceptable!
Comey drafted the Crooked Hillary exoneration long before he talked to her (lied in Congress to Senator G), then based his decisions on her poll numbers. Disgruntled, he, McCabe, and the others, committed many crimes!
Today, it was my honor to welcome President Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan to the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/TerYFZViax
Just hit 50% in the Rasmussen Poll, much higher than President Obama at same point. With all of the phony stories and Fake News, it’s hard to believe! Thank you America, we are doing Great Things.
Slippery James Comey, a man who always ends up badly and out of whack (he is not smart!), will go down as the WORST FBI Director in history, by far!
Attorney Client privilege is now a thing of the past. I have many (too many!) lawyers and they are probably wondering when their offices, and even homes, are going to be raided with everything, including their phones and computers, taken. All lawyers are deflated and concerned!
I never asked Comey for Personal Loyalty. I hardly even knew this guy. Just another of his many lies. His “memos” are self serving and FAKE!
The Syrian raid was so perfectly carried out, with such precision, that the only way the Fake News Media could demean was by my use of the term “Mission Accomplished.” I knew they would seize on this but felt it is such a great Military term, it should be brought back. Use often!
Comey throws AG Lynch “under the bus!” Why can’t we all find out what happened on the tarmac in the back of the plane with Wild Bill and Lynch? Was she promised a Supreme Court seat, or AG, in order to lay off Hillary. No golf and grandkids talk (give us all a break)!
The big questions in Comey’s badly reviewed book aren’t answered like, how come he gave up Classified Information (jail), why did he lie to Congress (jail), why did the DNC refuse to give Server to the FBI (why didn’t they TAKE it), why the phony memos, McCabe’s $700,000 &amp, more?
Unbelievably, James Comey states that Polls, where Crooked Hillary was leading, were a factor in the handling (stupidly) of the Clinton Email probe. In other words, he was making decisions based on the fact that he thought she was going to win, and he wanted a job. Slimeball!
RT @realDonaldTrump: So proud of our great Military which will soon be, after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars, the fines...
RT @nikkihaley: https://t.co/oO3wIKolMy
So proud of our great Military which will soon be, after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars, the finest that our Country has ever had. There won’t be anything, or anyone, even close!
A perfectly executed strike last night. Thank you to France and the United Kingdom for their wisdom and the power of their fine Military. Could not have had a better result. Mission Accomplished!
https://t.co/6VLQYAlcto
DOJ just issued the McCabe report - which is a total disaster. He LIED! LIED! LIED! McCabe was totally controlled by Comey - McCabe is Comey!! No collusion, all made up by this den of thieves and lowlifes!
We are bringing back our factories, we are bringing back our jobs, and we are bringing back those four beautiful words: MADE IN THE USA! https://t.co/grABSrYUBX
....untruthful slime ball who was, as time has proven, a terrible Director of the FBI. His handling of the Crooked Hillary Clinton case, and the events surrounding it, will go down as one of the worst “botch jobs” of history. It was my great honor to fire James Comey!
James Comey is a proven LEAKER &amp, LIAR. Virtually everyone in Washington thought he should be fired for the terrible job he did-until he was, in fact, fired. He leaked CLASSIFIED information, for which he should be prosecuted. He lied to Congress under OATH. He is a weak and.....
Tremendous pressure is building, like never before, for the Border Wall and an end to crime cradling Sanctuary Cities. Started the Wall in San Diego, where the people were pushing really hard to get it. They will soon be protected!
Would only join TPP if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to Pres. Obama. We already have BILATERAL deals with six of the eleven nations in TPP, and are working to make a deal with the biggest of those  nations, Japan, who has hit us hard on trade for years!
America’s greatest treasure is our people – and my Administration HEARS YOUR VOICE and HAS YOUR BACK. We are fighting to give every American a future of dignity, purpose and pride. AMERICAN SPIRIT is back! #TaxCuts https://t.co/oSGZe0irBf
Thank you to all of the American workers who travelled here today! This event is dedicated to YOU: the hardworking Americans who make this nation run. You love your country, you provide for your family, you have PRIDE in your work and you cherish our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG! #TaxCuts https://t.co/RwaLpCRPh5
Just had an Agricultural Roundtable with memembers of Congress and Governors.I will be making remarks on the large scale TAX CUTS given to American families and workers at 1:45 P.M. from the Rose Garden. Join me live: https://t.co/XAchZ3zUSe https://t.co/Dqe8QhpDAZ
I have agreed with the historically cooperative, disciplined approach that we have engaged in with Robert Mueller (Unlike the Clintons!). I have full confidence in Ty Cobb, my Special Counsel, and have been fully advised throughout each phase of this process.
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews slaughtered in the Holocaust. With each passing year, our duty to remember this atrocity increases as we pledge #NeverAgain. #HolocaustRemembranceDay https://t.co/tyga4VtjLT
Good luck to Mike Pompeo during his Confirmation Hearing today. He will be a great Secretary of State!
“President Donald J. Trump Proclaims January 16, 2018, as Religious Freedom Day” https://t.co/bD3R2dJfyp
Never said when an attack on Syria would take place. Could be very soon or not so soon at all! In any event, the United States, under my Administration, has done a great job of ridding the region of ISIS. Where is our “Thank you America?”
California Governor Jerry Brown is doing the right thing and sending the National Guard to the Border. Thank you Jerry, good move for the safety of our Country!
If I wanted to fire Robert Mueller in December, as reported by the Failing New York Times, I would have fired him. Just more Fake News from a biased newspaper!
Big show tonight on @seanhannity! 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews
Honored to have Republican Congressional Leadership join me at the @WhiteHouse this evening. Lots to discuss as we continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/b9z5Nfdkcl
“Trump just took a giant step towards actual welfare reform” https://t.co/LQlACDDLug
RT @StateDept: .@POTUS Trump at Signing of #FOSTA #SESTA bill: We are going to do everything in our power to make sure traffickers are brou...
The @WhiteHouse is partnering with @Interior and @NatlParkService to bring the @NSCsafety's “Prescribed to Death” Opioid Memorial to the Ellipse - beginning tomorrow, April 12th to April 18th. More information: https://t.co/z4FPQxt4Bl https://t.co/XvScPqvAkQ
Speaker Paul Ryan is a truly good man, and while he will not be seeking re-election, he will leave a legacy of achievement that nobody can question. We are with you Paul!
Much of the bad blood with Russia is caused by the Fake &amp, Corrupt Russia Investigation, headed up by the all Democrat loyalists, or people that worked for Obama. Mueller is most conflicted of all (except Rosenstein who signed FISA &amp, Comey letter). No Collusion, so they go crazy!
Our relationship with Russia is worse now than it has ever been, and that includes the Cold War. There is no reason for this. Russia needs us to help with their economy, something that would be very easy to do, and we need all nations to work together. Stop the arms race?
Russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at Syria. Get ready Russia,  because they will be coming, nice and new and “smart!” You shouldn’t be partners with a Gas Killing Animal who kills his people and enjoys it!
....doing things that nobody thought possible, despite the never ending and corrupt Russia Investigation, which takes tremendous time and focus. No Collusion or Obstruction (other than I fight back), so now they do the Unthinkable, and RAID a lawyers office for information! BAD!
So much Fake News about what is going on in the White House. Very calm and calculated with a big focus on open and fair trade with China, the coming North Korea meeting and, of course, the vicious gas attack in Syria. Feels great to have Bolton &amp, Larry K on board. I (we) are
The Failing New York Times wrote another phony story. It was political pundit Doug Schoen, not a Ukrainian businessman, who asked me to do a short speech by phone (Skype), hosted by Doug, in Ukraine. I was very positive about Ukraine-another negative to the Fake Russia  C story!
Today, it was my great honor to welcome the 2017 NCAA Football National Champion, Alabama Crimson Tide - to the White House. Congratulations! #RollTidehttps://t.co/hF5EZHlSVS https://t.co/JfGue4IIs1
Very thankful for President Xi of China’s kind words on tariffs and automobile barriers...also, his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together!
Very thankful for President Xi of China’s kind words on tarrifs and automobile barriers...also, his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together!
Last night, it was my great honor to host America’s senior defense and military leaders for dinner at the White House. America’s military is the GREATEST fighting force in the history of the world. They all have my pledge of unwavering commitment to our men and women in uniform! https://t.co/BjWKcMX0iL
A TOTAL WITCH HUNT!!!
Attorney–client privilege is dead!
Great @Cabinet meeting at the @WhiteHouse this morning! https://t.co/kzmfovwUeb https://t.co/7AgbwbFNuw
The Democrats are not doing what’s right for our country. I will not rest until we have secured our borders and restored the rule of law! https://t.co/zKGgPlaadS
RT @StateDept: .@POTUS Trump condemns the heinous attack on innocent Syrians with banned chemical weapons. #Syria https://t.co/qiEahlL3Ah
When a car is sent to the United States from China, there is a Tariff to be paid of 2 1/2%. When a car is sent to China from the United States, there is a Tariff to be paid of 25%. Does that sound like free or fair trade.  No, it sounds like STUPID TRADE -  going on for years!
Congratulations to Patrick Reed on his great and courageous MASTERS win! When Patrick had his amazing win at Doral 5 years ago, people saw his great talent, and a bright future ahead. Now he is the Masters Champion!
If President Obama had crossed his stated Red Line In The Sand, the Syrian disaster would have ended long ago! Animal Assad would have been history!
....to pay. Open area immediately for medical help and verification. Another humanitarian disaster for no reason whatsoever. SICK!
Many dead, including women and children, in mindless CHEMICAL attack in Syria. Area of atrocity is in lockdown and encircled by Syrian Army, making it completely inaccessible to outside world. President Putin, Russia and Iran are responsible for backing Animal Assad. Big price...
President Xi and I will always be friends, no matter what happens with our dispute on trade. China will take down its Trade Barriers because it is the right thing to do. Taxes will become Reciprocal &amp, a deal will be made on Intellectual Property. Great future for both countries!
The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. Always quoting sources (not names), many of which don’t exist. Story on John Kelly isn’t true, just another hit job!
The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up made garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. Always quoting sources (not names), many of which don’t exist. Story on John Kelly isn’t true...just another hit job!
“The FBI closed the case on Hillary, which was a rigged investigation. They exonerated her even before they ever interviewed her, they never even put her under oath.....” and much more. So true Jesse! @WattersWorld
While Security spending was somewhat more than his predecessor, Scott Pruitt has received death threats because of his bold actions at EPA. Record clean Air &amp, Water while saving USA Billions of Dollars. Rent was about market rate, travel expenses OK. Scott is doing a great job!
Fire at Trump Tower is out. Very confined (well built building). Firemen (and women) did a great job. THANK YOU!
What does the Department of Justice and FBI have to hide? Why aren’t they giving the strongly requested documents (unredacted) to the HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE? Stalling, but for what reason? Not looking good!
Lawmakers of the House Judiciary Committee are angrily accusing the Department of Justice of missing the Thursday Deadline for turning over UNREDACTED Documents relating to FISA abuse, FBI, Comey, Lynch, McCabe, Clinton Emails and much more. Slow walking - what is going on? BAD!
We are sealing up our Southern Border. The people of our great country want Safety and Security. The Dems have been a disaster on this very important issue!
The United States hasn’t had a Trade Surplus with China in 40 years. They must end unfair trade, take down barriers and charge only Reciprocal Tariffs. The U.S. is losing $500 Billion a year, and has been losing Billions of Dollars for decades. Cannot continue!
Just spoke to @JustinTrudeau to pay my highest respect and condolences to the families of the terrible Humboldt Team tragedy. May God be with them all!
Congratulations to @bernieandsid on their new @77wabcradio morning radio show in New York City. It was an honor to join you two – good luck! https://t.co/sulTcRp3IC
“BET founder: Trump's economy is bringing black workers back into the labor force” https://t.co/TtMDfi4bv0
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! https://t.co/5jxdojPZmN
Do you believe that the Fake News Media is pushing hard on a story that I am going to replace A.G. Jeff Sessions with EPA Chief Scott Pruitt, who is doing a great job but is TOTALLY under siege? Do people really believe this stuff? So much of the media is dishonest and corrupt!
China, which is a great economic power, is considered a Developing Nation within the World Trade Organization. They therefore get tremendous perks and advantages, especially over the U.S. Does anybody think this is fair. We were badly represented. The WTO is unfair to U.S.
RT @realDonaldTrump: We are not in a trade war with China, that war was lost many years ago by the foolish, or incompetent, people who repr...
The Fake News Washington Post, Amazon’s “chief lobbyist,” has another (of many) phony headlines, “Trump Defiant As China Adds Trade Penalties.” WRONG! Should read, “Trump Defiant as U.S. Adds Trade Penalties, Will End Barriers And Massive  I.P. Theft.” Typically bad reporting!
The Caravan is largely broken up thanks to the strong immigration laws of Mexico and their willingness to use them so as not to cause a giant scene at our Border. Because of the Trump Administrations actions, Border crossings are at a still UNACCEPTABLE 46 year low. Stop drugs!
“Still Rising: Rasmussen Poll Shows Donald Trump Approval Ratings Now at 51 Percent” https://t.co/q80PaE0gQo
Today we honor Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. on the 50th anniversary of his assassination. Earlier this year I spoke about Dr. King’s legacy of justice and peace, and his impact on uniting Americans. #MLK50 Proclamation: https://t.co/XXtPO0VX5A https://t.co/SH0esMSyMT
Our thoughts and prayers are with the four U.S. Marines from the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing who lost their lives in yesterday’s Southern California helicopter crash. We pray for their families, and our great @USMC.
We are not in a trade war with China, that war was lost many years ago by the foolish, or incompetent, people who represented the U.S. Now we have a Trade Deficit of $500 Billion a year, with Intellectual Property Theft of another $300 Billion. We cannot let this continue!
Our Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico &amp, Canada are very strong. Congress must change these Obama era, and other, laws NOW! The Democrats stand in our way - they want people to pour into our country unchecked....CRIME! We will be taking strong action today.
Was just briefed on the shooting at YouTube’s HQ in San Bruno, California. Our thoughts and prayers are with everybody involved. Thank you to our phenomenal Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders that are currently on the scene.
WE WILL PROTECT OUR SOUTHERN BORDER! https://t.co/Z7fqQKcnez
Today, it was my honor to welcome Estonia President @KerstiKaljulaid, Lithuania President @Grybauskaite_LT, and Latvia President @Vejonis to the @WhiteHouse. Congratulations on your 100th anniversaries of independence! #BalticSummit: https://t.co/XAchZ3zUSe https://t.co/RRftyTGEvb
I am right about Amazon costing the United States Post Office massive amounts of money for being their Delivery Boy. Amazon should pay these costs (plus) and not have them bourne by the American Taxpayer. Many billions of dollars. P.O. leaders don’t have a clue (or do they?)!
Thank you to Rasmussen for the honest polling. Just hit 50%, which is higher than Cheatin’ Obama at the same time in his Administration.
Check out the fact that you can’t get a job at ratings challenged @CNN unless you state that you are totally anti-Trump? Little Jeff Zuker, whose job is in jeopardy, is not having much fun lately. They should clean up and strengthen CNN and get back to honest reporting!
The big Caravan of People from Honduras, now coming across Mexico and heading to our “Weak Laws” Border, had better be stopped before it gets there. Cash cow NAFTA is in play, as is foreign aid to Honduras and the countries that allow this to happen. Congress MUST ACT NOW!
The Fake News Networks, those that knowingly have a sick and biased AGENDA, are worried about the competition and quality of Sinclair Broadcast. The “Fakers” at CNN, NBC, ABC &amp, CBS have done so much dishonest reporting that they should only be allowed to get awards for fiction!
#AutismAwarenessDay #LightItUpBlue https://t.co/JAzSE6yEes
“President Trump's approval rate among likely U.S. voters hit 50 percent on Monday, which puts him higher than former President Barack Obama's score at the same point into his first term, according to a new poll.” Via: @Anna_Giaritelli @DCExaminer https://t.co/ZzycNoDCQJ
39% of my nominations, including Diplomats to foreign lands, have not been confirmed due to Democrat obstruction and delay. At this rate, it would take more than 7 years before I am allowed to have these great people start working. Never happened before. Disgraceful!
Honduras, Mexico and many other countries that the U.S. is very generous to, sends many of their people to our country through our WEAK IMMIGRATION POLICIES. Caravans are heading here. Must pass tough laws and build the WALL. Democrats allow open borders, drugs and crime!
As ridiculous as it sounds, the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our Southern Border back where they came from. A whole big wasted procedure must take place. Mexico &amp, Canada have tough immigration laws, whereas ours are an Obama joke. ACT CONGRESS
“President Donald J. Trump Proclaims April 2, 2018, World Autism Awareness Day” https://t.co/ECBCHfll0p
An honor to host the Annual @WhiteHouse Easter Egg Roll! https://t.co/bOMJRK8FyK
So sad that the Department of “Justice” and the FBI are slow walking, or even not giving, the unredacted documents requested by Congress. An embarrassment to our country!
Only fools, or worse, are saying that our money losing Post Office makes money with Amazon. THEY LOSE A FORTUNE, and this will be changed. Also, our fully tax paying retailers are closing stores all over the country...not a level playing field!
So funny to watch Fake News Networks, among the most dishonest groups of people I have ever dealt with, criticize Sinclair Broadcasting for being biased. Sinclair is far superior to CNN and even more Fake NBC, which is a total joke.
Mexico is making a fortune on NAFTA...They have very strong border laws - ours are pathetic. With all of the money they make from the U.S., hopefully they will stop people from coming through their country and into ours, at least until Congress changes our immigration laws!
DACA is dead because the Democrats didn’t care or act, and now everyone wants to get onto the DACA bandwagon... No longer works. Must build Wall and secure our borders with proper Border legislation. Democrats want No Borders, hence drugs and crime!
...Congress must immediately pass Border Legislation, use Nuclear Option if necessary, to stop the massive inflow of Drugs and People. Border Patrol Agents (and ICE) are GREAT, but the weak Dem laws don’t allow them to do their job. Act now Congress, our country is being stolen!
Mexico has the absolute power not to let these large “Caravans” of people enter their country. They must stop them at their Northern Border, which they can do because their border laws work, not allow them to pass through into our country, which has no effective border laws.....
These big flows of people are all trying to take advantage of DACA. They want in on the act!
Mexico is doing very little, if not NOTHING, at stopping people from flowing into Mexico through their Southern Border, and then into the U.S. They laugh at our dumb immigration laws. They must stop the big drug and people flows, or I will stop their cash cow, NAFTA. NEED WALL!
Border Patrol Agents are not allowed to properly do their job at the Border because of ridiculous liberal (Democrat) laws like Catch &amp, Release. Getting more dangerous. “Caravans” coming. Republicans must go to Nuclear Option to pass tough laws NOW. NO MORE DACA DEAL!
HAPPY EASTER!
Governor Jerry “Moonbeam” Brown pardoned 5 criminal illegal aliens whose crimes include (1) Kidnapping and Robbery (2) Badly beating wife and threatening a crime with intent to terrorize (3) Dealing drugs. Is this really what the great people of California want? @FoxNews
...does not include the Fake Washington Post, which is used as a “lobbyist” and should so  REGISTER. If the P.O. “increased its parcel rates, Amazon’s shipping costs would rise by $2.6 Billion.” This Post Office scam must stop. Amazon must pay real costs (and taxes) now!
While we are on the subject, it is reported that the U.S. Post Office will lose $1.50 on average for each package it delivers for Amazon. That amounts to Billions of Dollars. The Failing N.Y. Times reports that “the size of the company’s lobbying staff has ballooned,” and that...
https://t.co/UM3YJ6lUiD
Washington spent trillions building up foreign countries while allowing OUR OWN infrastructure to fall into a state of total disrepair. No more! It's time to REBUILD, and we will do it with American WORKERS, American GRIT, and American PRIDE! https://t.co/Q9rPZi2D2s
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Unemployment claims have fallen to a 45-year low. Together, we are making the economy great again! https://t.co/pN2TE5HDQm
We are going to REBUILD our crumbling infrastructure, and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in the Great State of Ohio. A tremendous honor to be here today at a state-of-the-art training site, where the skills of the American Worker are forged and refined! https://t.co/bU3KS62c0x
I have stated my concerns with Amazon long before the Election. Unlike others, they pay little or no taxes to state &amp, local governments, use our Postal System as their Delivery Boy (causing tremendous loss to the U.S.), and are putting many thousands of retailers out of business!
....In the interim, Hon. Robert Wilkie of DOD will serve as Acting Secretary. I am thankful for Dr. David Shulkin’s service to our country and to our GREAT VETERANS!
I am pleased to announce that I intend to nominate highly respected Admiral Ronny L. Jackson, MD, as the new Secretary of Veterans Affairs....
Great briefing this afternoon on the start of our Southern Border WALL! https://t.co/pmCNoxxlkH
....release known dangerous criminals into communities across the State. All citizens have the right to be protected by Federal law and strong borders.
My Administration stands in solidarity with the brave citizens in Orange County defending their rights against California's illegal and unconstitutional Sanctuary policies. California's Sanctuary laws....
.@USTradeRep just announced an agreement in principle with South Korea on KORUS! A great deal for American and Korean workers. Let’s now focus on our important security relationship.
Received message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM looks forward to his meeting with me. In the meantime, and unfortunately, maximum sanctions and pressure must be maintained at all cost!
For years and through many administrations, everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula was not even a small possibility. Now there is a good chance that Kim Jong Un will do what is right for his people and for humanity. Look forward to our meeting!
THE SECOND AMENDMENT WILL NEVER BE REPEALED! As much as Democrats would like to see this happen, and despite the words yesterday of former Supreme Court Justice Stevens, NO WAY. We need more Republicans in 2018 and must ALWAYS hold the Supreme Court!
I am very pleased to welcome the opioid memorial to the President's Park in April. I encourage all to visit and remember those who we have lost to this deadly epidemic. We will keep fighting until we defeat the opioid crisis! https://t.co/ZM7AYJyECr
RT @realDonaldTrump: Because of the $700 &amp, $716 Billion Dollars gotten to rebuild our Military, many jobs are created and our Military is a...
Trade talks going on with numerous countries that, for many years, have not treated the United States fairly. In the end, all will be happy!
Great news! #MAGA https://t.co/mRQGRJkozC
So much Fake News. Never been more voluminous or more inaccurate. But through it all, our country is doing great!
The economy is looking really good. It has been many years that we have seen these kind of numbers. The underlying strength of companies has perhaps never been better.
.@HowieCarrShow just wrote a book which everyone is talking about. He was a great help. He is a veteran journalist who had a great influence in NH and beyond. He calls it the most amazing political campaign of modern times. The book is called, “What Really Happened.” Enjoy! #MAGA https://t.co/jYhjpoJKHe
“President Donald J. Trump Proclaims March 25, 2018, as Greek Independence Day: A National Day of Celebration of Greek and American Democracy” https://t.co/GwSJ2UK2xD https://t.co/GltMwxINA2
Happy National #MedalOfHonorDay to our HEROES. We love you! https://t.co/6euI31R4Gz
....lawyer or law firm will take months to get up to speed (if for no other reason than they can bill more), which is unfair to our great country - and I am very happy with my existing team. Besides, there was NO COLLUSION with Russia, except by Crooked Hillary and the Dems!
Many lawyers and top law firms want to represent me in the Russia case...don’t believe the Fake News narrative that it is hard to find a lawyer who wants to take this on. Fame &amp, fortune will NEVER be turned down by a lawyer, though some are conflicted. Problem is that a new......
Much can be done with the $1.6 Billion given to building and fixing the border wall. It is just a down payment. Work will start immediately. The rest of the money will come - and remember DACA, the Democrats abandoned you (but we will not)!
Because of the $700 &amp, $716 Billion Dollars gotten to rebuild our Military, many jobs are created and our Military is again rich. Building a great Border Wall, with drugs (poison) and enemy combatants pouring into our Country, is all about National Defense. Build WALL through M!
France honors a great hero. Officer died after bravely swapping places with hostage in ISIS related terror attack. So much bravery around the world constantly fighting radical Islamic terrorism. Even stronger measures needed, especially at borders!
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible attack in France yesterday, and we grieve the nation’s loss. We also condemn the violent actions of the attacker and anyone who would provide him support. We are with you @EmmanuelMacron!
As a matter of National Security I've signed the Omnibus Spending Bill. I say to Congress: I will NEVER sign another bill like this again. To prevent this omnibus situation from ever happening again, I'm calling on Congress to give me a line-item veto for all govt spending bills! https://t.co/kYwMk5AE5k
Obama Administration legalized bump stocks. BAD IDEA. As I promised, today the Department of Justice will issue the rule banning BUMP STOCKS with a mandated comment period. We will BAN all devices that turn legal weapons into illegal machine guns.
News conference at the White House concerning the Omnibus Spending Bill.  1:00 P.M.
I am considering a VETO of the Omnibus Spending Bill based on the fact that the 800,000 plus DACA recipients have been totally abandoned by the Democrats (not even mentioned in Bill) and the BORDER WALL, which is desperately needed for our National Defense, is not fully funded.
DACA was abandoned by the Democrats. Very unfair to them! Would have been tied to desperately needed Wall.
House Intelligence Committee votes to release final report. FINDINGS: (1) No evidence provided of Collusion between Trump Campaign &amp, Russia. (2)  The Obama Administrations Post election response was insufficient. (3) Clapper provided inconsistent testimony on media contacts.
I am pleased to announce that, effective 4/9/18, @AmbJohnBolton will be my new National Security Advisor. I am very thankful for the service of General H.R. McMaster who has done an outstanding job &amp, will always remain my friend. There will be an official contact handover on 4/9.
My honor Charlie - thank you! #MAGA https://t.co/ZbXFxNVMLP
As a candidate, I pledged that if elected I would use every lawful tool to combat unfair trade, protect American workers, and defend our national security.  Today, we took another critical step to fulfill that commitment. https://t.co/7NBI0Dibmx https://t.co/nmzqos3BUA
RT @FLOTUS: Greetings from @WhiteHouse https://t.co/mjuHFqglYz
Remember when they were saying, during the campaign, that Donald Trump is giving great speeches and drawing big crowds, but he is spending much less money and not using social media as well as Crooked Hillary’s large and highly sophisticated staff. Well, not saying that anymore!
Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy. Actually, he is weak, both mentally and physically, and yet he threatens me, for the second time, with physical assault. He doesn’t know me, but he would go down fast and hard, crying all the way. Don’t threaten people Joe!
Democrats refused to take care of DACA. Would have been so easy, but they just didn’t care. I had to fight for Military and start of Wall.
Got $1.6 Billion to start Wall on Southern Border, rest will be forthcoming. Most importantly, got $700 Billion to rebuild our Military, $716 Billion next year...most ever. Had to waste money on Dem giveaways in order to take care of military pay increase and new equipment.
.....They can help solve problems with North Korea, Syria, Ukraine, ISIS, Iran and even the coming Arms Race. Bush tried to get along, but didn’t have the “smarts.” Obama and Clinton tried, but didn’t have the energy or chemistry (remember RESET). PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH!
I called President Putin of Russia to congratulate him on his election victory (in past, Obama called him also). The Fake News Media is crazed because they wanted me to excoriate him. They are wrong! Getting along with Russia (and others) is a good thing, not a bad thing.......
Matt Schlapp and CPAC are getting ready for another exciting event. Big difference from those days when President Obama held the White House. You’ve come a long way Matt!
“Special Council is told to find crimes, whether a crime exists or not. I was opposed to the selection of Mueller to be Special Council. I am still opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because.....
...there was no probable cause for believing that there was any crime, collusion or otherwise, or obstruction of justice!”  So stated by Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz.
“Special Council is told to find crimes, wether crimes exist or not. I was opposed the the selection of Mueller to be Special Council, I still am opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because.....
Department of Justice should have urged the Supreme Court to at least hear the Drivers License case on illegal immigrants in Arizona. I agree with @LouDobbs. Should have sought review.
AUSTIN BOMBING SUSPECT IS DEAD. Great job by law enforcement and all concerned!
Our Nation was founded by farmers. Our independence was won by farmers. And our continent was tamed by farmers. Our farmers always lead the way -- we are PROUD of them, and we are DELIVERING for them! #NationalAgricultureDay
The Democrats do not want to help DACA. Would be so easy to make a deal!
RT @WhiteHouse: The opioid crisis has created stories of despair of shock, but also stories of recovery &amp, hope. President Trump is asking e...
A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest!
.@seanhannity on @foxandfriends now! Great! 8:18 A.M.
Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats, some big Crooked Hillary supporters, and Zero Republicans? Another Dem recently added...does anyone think this is fair? And yet, there is NO COLLUSION!
Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe, but he never took notes when he was with me. I don’t believe he made memos except to help his own agenda, probably at a later date. Same with lying James Comey. Can we call them Fake Memos?
Wow, watch Comey lie under oath to Senator G when asked “have you ever been an anonymous source...or known someone else to be an anonymous source...?” He said strongly “never, no.” He lied as shown clearly on @foxandfriends.
The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime. It was based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC, and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign. WITCH HUNT!
The Fake News is beside themselves that McCabe was caught, called out and fired. How many hundreds of thousands of dollars was given to wife’s campaign by Crooked H friend, Terry M, who was also under investigation? How many lies? How many leaks? Comey knew it all, and much more!
As the House Intelligence Committee has concluded, there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump Campaign. As many are now finding out, however, there was tremendous leaking, lying and corruption at the highest levels of the FBI, Justice &amp, State. #DrainTheSwamp
Happy #StPatricksDay https://t.co/4vVsW2smhB
Andrew McCabe FIRED, a great day for the hard working men and women of the FBI - A great day for Democracy. Sanctimonious James Comey was his boss and made McCabe look like a choirboy. He knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI!
“U.S. Consumer Confidence Hits 14-Year High” https://t.co/tXJsSRoM64
It would be great for the Republican Party of Nevada, and it’s unity if good guy Danny Tarkanian would run for Congress and Dean Heller, who is doing a really good job, could run for Senate unopposed!
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and loved ones of the brave troops lost in the helicopter crash on the Iraq-Syria border yesterday. Their sacrifice in service to our country will never be forgotten.
“President Donald J. Trump Delivers Remarks at the Shamrock☘️Bowl Presentation by Prime Minister Varadkar in the East Room of the White House” 🇺🇸🇮🇪 https://t.co/ZbogpAE09g
Continuing to monitor the heartbreaking bridge collapse at FIU - so tragic. Many brave First Responders rushed in to save lives. Thank you for your courage. Praying this evening for all who are affected.
It was my honor to welcome Prime Minister Leo Varadkar of Ireland to the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/ZT3WnIZR2L
RT @WhiteHouse: Yesterday, five @Cabinet Secretaries testified on the Hill on the need to rebuild our Nation's crumbling infrastructure. Pr...
We do have a Trade Deficit with Canada, as we do with almost all countries (some of them massive). P.M. Justin Trudeau of Canada, a very good guy, doesn’t like saying that Canada has a Surplus vs. the U.S.(negotiating), but they do...they almost all do...and that’s how I know!
Larry Kudlow will be my Chief Economic Advisor as Director of the National Economic Council. Our Country will have many years of Great Economic &amp, Financial Success, with low taxes, unparalleled innovation, fair trade and an ever expanding labor force leading the way! #MAGA
Please join me with your thoughts and prayers for both aviators, their families and our incredible @USNavy. https://t.co/60bHhrp8Y1
It was wonderful to be back in Missouri where our push for historic TAX CUTS all began. Six months ago I promised that we would cut taxes to bring Main Street roaring back - and that is exactly what is happening! https://t.co/4kPofEii3i
Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/CUutL5SZxQ
Today the House took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the STOP School Violence Act. We must put the safety of America's children FIRST by improving training and by giving schools and law enforcement better tools. A tragedy like Parkland can't happen ever again!
Thank you for hosting! #MAGA https://t.co/9pHH60DVlX
We cannot keep a blind eye to the rampant unfair trade practices against our Country!
Five of our incredible @Cabinet Secretaries are testifying on the Hill this morning on the need to rebuild our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure. We need to build FAST &amp, we need to build for our FUTURE. Thank you @SenateCommerce for hosting this hearing! #InfrastructureInAmerica
Perhaps at no time in history have the business fundamentals of U.S. companies been better than they are today!
Hundreds of good people, including very important Ambassadors and Judges, are being blocked and/or slow walked by the Democrats in the Senate. Many important positions in Government are unfilled because of this obstruction. Worst in U.S. history!
All across this nation, we pray for our country and we THANK GOD for our United States Marines! Thank you. God Bless You. And God Bless America! https://t.co/vKXBd0CGH1
It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Corps Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military, straight from the heart of the American People: We support you, we thank you, we love you - and we will always have your back! https://t.co/oCt1nH3DON
It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Core Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military, straight from the heart of the American People: We support you, we thank you, we love you - and we will always have your back! https://t.co/NEGCR6rM7Y
If we don’t have a wall system, we’re not going to have a country. Congress must fund the BORDER WALL &amp, prohibit grants to sanctuary jurisdictions that threaten the security of our country &amp, the people of our country. We must enforce our laws &amp, protect our people! #BuildTheWall https://t.co/NGqNueukvj
California’s sanctuary policies are illegal and unconstitutional and put the safety and security of our entire nation at risk. Thousands of dangerous &amp, violent criminal aliens are released as a result of sanctuary policies, set free to prey on innocent Americans. THIS MUST STOP!
“According to the Center for Immigration Studies, the $18 billion wall will pay for itself by curbing the importation of crime, drugs and illegal immigrants who tend to go on the federal dole...” https://t.co/NdLC6jZwWE
Heading to see the BORDER WALL prototypes in California! https://t.co/fU6Ukc271l
Mike Pompeo, Director of the CIA, will become our new Secretary of State. He will do a fantastic job! Thank you to Rex Tillerson for his service! Gina Haspel will become the new Director of the CIA, and the first woman so chosen. Congratulations to all!
The Economy is raging, at an all time high, and is set to get even better. Jobs and wages up. Vote for Rick Saccone and keep it going!
THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE HAS, AFTER A 14 MONTH LONG IN-DEPTH INVESTIGATION, FOUND NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION OR COORDINATION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA TO INFLUENCE THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.
It was my great honor to welcome the 2017 World Series Champion Houston @Astros to the @WhiteHouse! #HoustonStrong https://t.co/IO6B42jixA
The Pittsburgh Post Gazette just endorsed Rick Saccone for Congress. He will be much better for steel and business. Very strong on experience and what our Country needs. Lamb will always vote for Pelosi and Dems....Will raise taxes, weak on Crime and Border.
If schools are mandated to be gun free zones, violence and danger are given an open invitation to enter. Almost all school shootings are in gun free zones. Cowards will only go where there is no deterrent!
....On 18 to 21 Age Limits, watching court cases and rulings before acting. States are making this decision. Things are moving rapidly on this, but not much political support (to put it mildly).
Very strong improvement and strengthening of background checks will be fully backed by White House. Legislation moving forward. Bump Stocks will soon be out. Highly trained expert teachers will be allowed to conceal carry, subject to State Law. Armed guards OK, deterrent!.......
Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross will be speaking with representatives of the European Union about eliminating the large Tariffs and Barriers they use against the U.S.A. Not fair to our farmers and manufacturers.
Rasmussen and others have my approval ratings at around 50%, which is higher than Obama, and yet the political pundits love saying my approval ratings are “somewhat low.” They know they are lying when they say it. Turn off the show - FAKE NEWS!
The Democrats continue to Obstruct the confirmation of hundreds of good and talented people who are needed to run our government...A record in U.S. history. State Department, Ambassadors and many others are being slow walked. Senate must approve NOW!
The Republicans are 5-0 in recent Congressional races, a point which the Fake News Media continuously fails to mention. I backed and campaigned for all of the winners. They give me credit for one. Hopefully, Rick Saccone will be another big win on Tuesday.
...have shown conclusively that there was no Collusion with Russia..just excuse for losing. The only Collusion was that done by the DNC, the Democrats and Crooked Hillary. The writer of the story, Maggie Haberman, a Hillary flunky, knows nothing about me and is not given access.
The Failing New York Times purposely wrote a false story stating that I am unhappy with my legal team on the Russia case and am going to add another lawyer to help out. Wrong. I am VERY happy with my lawyers, John Dowd, Ty Cobb and Jay Sekulow. They are doing a great job and.....
Epic crowd in Moon Township, Pennsylvania tonight. Thank you! Get out on Tuesday and VOTE for Rick @Saccone4PA18. Together, we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/ckbCOsDQ2l
Join me LIVE in Moon Township, Pennsylvania at 7:00pmE. Great crowd for a #MAGA rally!https://t.co/PYJNg0WGDL
The European Union, wonderful countries who treat the U.S. very badly on trade, are complaining about the tariffs on Steel &amp, Aluminum. If they drop their horrific barriers &amp, tariffs on U.S. products going in, we will likewise drop ours. Big Deficit. If not, we Tax Cars etc. FAIR!
In the first hours after hearing that North Korea’s leader wanted to meet with me to talk denuclearization and that missile launches will end, the press was startled &amp, amazed.They couldn’t believe it. But by the following morning the news became FAKE.They said so what, who cares!
North Korea has not conducted a Missile Test since November 28, 2017 and has promised not to do so through our meetings. I believe they will honor that commitment!
Heading to Moon Township, Pennsylvania, to be with a really good person, State Representative Rick Saccone, who is running for Congress. Big &amp, happy crowd (why not, some of the best economic numbers ever). Rick will help me a lot. Also, tough on crime &amp, border. Loves 2nd A &amp, VETS
Spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who is very enthusiastic about talks with North Korea. Also discussing opening up Japan to much better trade with the U.S. Currently have a massive $100 Billion Trade Deficit. Not fair or sustainable. It will all work out!
Chinese President XI JINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI told me he appreciates that the U.S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful!
Congratulations to Kristian Saucier, a man who has served proudly in the Navy, on your newly found Freedom. Now you can go out and have the life you deserve!
Chinese President XI XINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI told me he appreciates that the U.S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful!
We are deeply saddened by the tragic situation in Yountville and mourn the loss of three incredible women who cared for our Veterans.
The deal with North Korea is very much in the making and will be, if completed, a very good one for the World. Time and place to be determined.
Spoke to PM @TurnbullMalcolm of Australia. He is committed to having a very fair and reciprocal military and trade relationship. Working very quickly on a security agreement so we don’t have to impose steel or aluminum tariffs on our ally, the great nation of Australia!
That’s right @RepBost! Thank you for your support in helping put America back to work. It’s about JOBS, JOBS, JOBS for our incredible workers and putting AMERICA FIRST! https://t.co/ChUQEa6rsC
Look forward to being in Pennsylvania tomorrow in support of Rick @Saccone4PA18. Big crowd expected in Moon Township. Vote Rick and see you there! #MAGA
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA https://t.co/YAaqRcA7ZS
Kim Jong Un talked about denuclearization with the South Korean Representatives, not just a freeze. Also, no missile testing by North Korea during this period of time. Great progress being made but sanctions will remain until an agreement is reached. Meeting being planned!
“Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Aluminum into the United States”  Proclamation: https://t.co/aCaMtOUAl0Remarks: https://t.co/nypErcqFSU https://t.co/rcrkpvChkz
“Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Steel into the United States” Proclamation: https://t.co/hxduwSoElzRemarks: https://t.co/nypErcqFSU https://t.co/q92FDYZeUl
Great meeting with @Cabinet at the @WhiteHouse today! #MAGA https://t.co/InWj0QTosz
Happy #InternationalWomensDay“First Lady Melania Trump to Present the 2018 International Women of Courage Award” https://t.co/EwYtFXGvn2
Looking forward to 3:30 P.M. meeting today at the White House. We have to protect &amp, build our Steel and Aluminum Industries while at the same time showing great flexibility and cooperation toward those that are real friends  and treat us fairly on both trade and the military.
The U.S. is acting swiftly on Intellectual Property theft. We cannot allow this to happen as it has for many years!
China has been asked to develop a plan for the year of a One Billion Dollar reduction in their massive Trade Deficit with the United States. Our relationship with China has been a very good one, and we look forward to seeing what ideas they come back with. We must act soon!
From Bush 1 to present, our Country has lost more than 55,000 factories, 6,000,000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars. Bad Policies &amp, Leadership. Must WIN again!  #MAGA
@MarkBurnettTV @RealRomaDowney From Bush 1 to present, our Country has lost more than 55,000 factories, 6,000,000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars. Bad policies &amp, leadership. Must win again!  #MAGA
Great couple, great book! https://t.co/cLDI79rin8
Will be making a decision soon on the appointment of new Chief Economic Advisor. Many people wanting the job - will choose wisely!
Possible progress being made in talks with North Korea. For the first time in many years, a serious effort is being made by all parties concerned. The World is watching and waiting! May be false hope, but the U.S. is ready to go hard in either direction!
Federal Judge in Maryland has just ruled that “President Trump has the right to end DACA.” President Obama had 8 years to fix this problem, and didn’t. I am waiting for the Dems, they are running for the hills!
Lowest rated Oscars in HISTORY. Problem is, we don’t have Stars anymore - except your President (just kidding, of course)!
RT @EricTrump: Congratulations @FoxNews: Fox has 15 of the top 20 shows with @SeanHannity and @TuckerCarlson leading the pack at 1st and 2n...
We are getting it done - jobs and security! https://t.co/Ui8bubj7Yr
Total inaction on DACA by Dems. Where are you? A deal can be made!
The new Fake News narrative is that there is CHAOS in the White House. Wrong! People will always come &amp, go, and I want strong dialogue before making a final decision. I still have some people that I want to change (always seeking perfection). There is no Chaos, only great Energy!
It’s March 5th and the Democrats are nowhere to be found on DACA. Gave them 6 months, they just don’t care. Where are they? We are ready to make a deal!
Why did the Obama Administration start an investigation into the Trump Campaign (with zero proof of wrongdoing) long before the Election in November? Wanted to discredit so Crooked H would win. Unprecedented. Bigger than Watergate! Plus, Obama did NOTHING about Russian meddling.
To protect our Country we must protect American Steel! #AMERICA FIRST
...treat our farmers much better. Highly restrictive. Mexico must do much more on stopping drugs from pouring into the U.S. They have not done what needs to be done. Millions of people addicted and dying.
We have large trade deficits with Mexico and Canada. NAFTA, which is under renegotiation right now, has been a bad deal for U.S.A. Massive relocation of companies &amp, jobs. Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum will only come off if new &amp, fair NAFTA agreement is signed. Also, Canada must..
We are on the losing side of almost all trade deals. Our friends and enemies have taken advantage of the U.S. for many years. Our Steel and Aluminum industries are dead. Sorry, it’s time for a change! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Gridiron Dinner last night was great fun. I am accomplishing a lot in Washington and have never had a better time doing something, and especially since this is for the American People!
If the E.U. wants to further increase their already massive tariffs and barriers on U.S. companies doing business there, we will simply apply a Tax on their Cars which freely pour into the U.S. They make it impossible for our cars (and more) to sell there. Big trade imbalance!
The United States has an $800 Billion Dollar Yearly Trade Deficit because of our “very stupid” trade deals and policies. Our jobs and wealth are being given to other countries that have taken advantage of us for years. They laugh at what fools our leaders have been. No more!
Mainstream Media in U.S. is being mocked all over the world. They’ve gone CRAZY! https://t.co/4UGYuJpUA7
Happy National Anthem Day! https://t.co/cf1eugMbKU
Heading to Billy Graham Funeral. A Special Man!
REST IN PEACE BILLY GRAHAM! https://t.co/2qMoUccVC2
When a country Taxes our products coming in at, say, 50%, and we Tax the same product coming into our country at ZERO, not fair or smart. We will soon be starting RECIPROCAL TAXES so that we will charge the same thing as they charge us. $800 Billion Trade Deficit-have no choice!
We must protect our country and our workers. Our steel industry is in bad shape. IF YOU DON’T HAVE STEEL, YOU DON’T HAVE A COUNTRY!
Eric, we are all with you and your family! Look forward to seeing you back on T.V. https://t.co/d6y3Q00BSy
Alec Baldwin, whose dying mediocre career was saved by his terrible impersonation of me on SNL, now says playing me was agony. Alec, it was agony for those who were forced to watch. Bring back Darrell Hammond, funnier and a far greater talent!
When a country (USA) is losing many billions of dollars on trade with virtually every country it does business with, trade wars are good, and easy to win. Example, when we are down $100 billion with a certain country and they get cute, don’t trade anymore-we win big. It’s easy!
Alex Baldwin, whose dieing mediocre career was saved by his impersonation of me on SNL, now says playing DJT was agony for him. Alex, it was also agony for those who were forced to watch. You were terrible. Bring back Darrell Hammond, much funnier and a far greater talent!
Good (Great) meeting in the Oval Office tonight with the NRA!
RT @IvankaTrump: My OpEd on the importance of #YouthSports participation and how this Administration is seeking to lift barriers so all our...
RT @Scavino45: “Trump Comes Through — Saves $1.4 Billion On New Air Force One” https://t.co/cN3TAQywpR
Manufacturing growing at the fastest pace in almost two decades!
Jobless claims at a 49 year low!
Together, we will face this challenge as a national family with conviction, with unity, and with a commitment to love and support our neighbors in times of dire need. Working together, we will defeat this #OpioidEpidemic.Full Opioid Summit: https://t.co/qqfeVr4BBf https://t.co/oFvr0DJMEf
“Consumer Confidence in February Highest Since November 2000” https://t.co/UgAJRawExx
“Manufacturing in U.S. Expands at Fastest Pace Since May 2004” https://t.co/XZkwS8tTml
Unemployment filings are at their lowest level in over 48 years. Great news for workers and JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! #MAGA https://t.co/SzHTarzfrW
Our Steel and Aluminum industries (and many others) have been decimated by decades of unfair trade and bad policy with countries from around the world. We must not let our country, companies and workers be taken advantage of any longer. We want free, fair and SMART TRADE!
Many ideas, some good &amp, some not so good, emerged from our bipartisan meeting on school safety yesterday at the White House. Background Checks a big part of conversation. Gun free zones are proven targets of killers. After many years, a Bill should emerge. Respect 2nd Amendment!
It was an honor to welcome bipartisan members of Congress for a discussion on SAFE schools and SAFE communities. As we continue to mourn the loss of so many precious young lives in Parkland, we are determined to turn our grief into action. Full meeting: https://t.co/tbl94sCM01 https://t.co/TmUMusoR9x
Today we honor Billy Graham as only three private citizens before him have been honored. We say a prayer for our country: that all across this land, the Lord will raise up men and women like Billy Graham to spread a message of love and hope to every precious child of God. https://t.co/EM4lZUZpX9
Starting at a small Bible School in Florida, Billy Graham soon led a nationwide revival. From a large tent in Los Angeles, to one hundred thousand people in a single day at Yankee Stadium, to more than two million people at Madison Square Garden over sixteen weeks in 1957... https://t.co/z1vvAemlBP
Today, in the center of this great Chamber lies Billy Graham – an Ambassador for Christ who reminded the world of the power of prayer and the gift of God’s grace. https://t.co/5aMh8nFPJW
Why is A.G. Jeff Sessions asking the Inspector General to investigate potentially massive FISA abuse. Will take forever, has no prosecutorial power and already late with reports on Comey etc. Isn’t the I.G. an Obama guy? Why not use Justice Department lawyers? DISGRACEFUL!
45 year low on illegal border crossings this year. Ice and Border Patrol Agents are doing a great job for our Country. MS-13 thugs being hit hard.
I have decided that sections of the Wall that California wants built NOW will not be built until the whole Wall is approved. Big victory yesterday with ruling from the courts that allows us to proceed. OUR COUNTRY MUST HAVE BORDER SECURITY!
The Heritage Foundation has just stated that 64% of the Trump Agenda is already done, faster than even Ronald Reagan. “We’re blown away,” said Thomas Binion of Heritage, President Trump “is very active, very conservative and very effective. Huge volume &amp, spectrum of issues.”
Big legal win today. U.S. judge sided with the Trump Administration and rejected the attempt to stop the government from building a great Border Wall on the Southern Border. Now this important project can go forward!
Such a beautiful map, thank you! https://t.co/FyQdgKvsRO
.@SenatorWicker of Mississippi has been a great supporter and incredible help in getting our massive Tax Cut Bill done and approved. Also big help on cutting regs. I am with him in his re-election all the way!
Texas LC George P. Bush backed me when it wasn’t the politically correct thing to do, and I back him now. Also, AC Sid Miller has been with me from the beginning, he is “Trump’s Man in Texas.” Also support Comptroller Glenn Hegar, and Railroad Commissioner Christi Craddick.
“American consumers are the most confident they've been since 2000....A strong job market is boosting confidence. The unemployment rate has stayed at a 17-year low.” https://t.co/aL7aVoR7XC
I want to encourage all of my many Texas friends to vote in the primary for Governor Greg Abbott, Senator Ted Cruz, Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick, and Attorney General Ken Paxton. They are helping me to Make America Great Again! Vote early or on March 6th.
“We’ve seen NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION....I have seen nothing, the firing of James Comey and all of the aftermath, that suggests that the President has obstructed justice because he’s exercising his power as the President of the U.S. I just don’t see it.”  Judge Ken Starr
“I’ve been skeptical about the collusion and obstruction claims for the last year. I just don’t see the evidence....in terms of the collusion, it’s all a bit implausible based on the evidence we have.”  Jonathan Turley on @FoxNews
“He’s got a very good point. Somebody in the Justice Department has a treasure trove of evidence of Mrs. Clinton’s criminality at her own hands, or through others, that ought to be investigated. I fully agree with the President on that.” @judgenapolitano on @marthamaccallum Show
RT @WhiteHouse: Merit-based immigration reform will benefit American workers and relieve the strain imposed by our current system on Federa...
RT @VollrathTammie: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews https://t.co/sERi7Vyh5I
"RT @FoxNews: President @realDonaldTrump on Dem FISA memo: ""A lot of bad things happened on the other side, not on this side, but the other..."
"RT @FoxNews: President @realDonaldTrump on DACA: ""I'm the one that's pushing DACA and the Democrats are nowhere to be found."" https://t.co/..."
I will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
“Congressman Schiff omitted and distorted key facts” @FoxNews  So, what else is new. He is a total phony!
“Russians had no compromising information on Donald Trump” @FoxNews  Of course not, because there is none, and never was. This whole Witch Hunt is an illegal disgrace...and Obama did nothing about Russia!
Dem Memo: FBI did not disclose who the clients were - the Clinton Campaign and the DNC. Wow!
The Democrat memo response on government surveillance abuses is a total political and legal BUST. Just confirms all of the terrible things that were done. SO ILLEGAL!
BIG CPAC STRAW POLL RESULTS: 93% APPROVE OF THE JOB PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DOING (Thank you!). 50% say President Trump should Tweet MORE or SAME (funny!). 79% say Republicans in Congress should do a better job of working with President Trump (starting to happen).
Dems are no longer talking DACA! “Out of sight, out of mind,” they say. DACA beneficiaries should not be happy. Nancy Pelosi truly doesn’t care about them. Republicans stand ready to make a deal!
Unemployment claims are at the lowest level since 1973. Much of this has to do with the massive cutting of unnecessary and job killing Regulations!
Democrat judges have totally redrawn election lines in the great State of Pennsylvania. @FoxNews. This is very unfair to Republicans and to our country as a whole. Must be appealed to the United States Supreme Court ASAP!
Armed Educators (and trusted people who work within a school) love our students and will protect them. Very smart people. Must be firearms adept &amp, have annual training. Should get yearly bonus. Shootings will not happen again - a big &amp, very inexpensive deterrent. Up to States.
RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health. Raise age to 21 and end...
Thank you to the great men and women of the United States @SecretService for a job well done!
Today, @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome Prime Minister @TurnbullMalcolm and Mrs. Turnbull of Australia to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇦🇺Press Conference: https://t.co/rKokJGRsgu https://t.co/PkJUw8x9jb
Our nation’s motto is IN GOD WE TRUST. This week, our nation lost an incredible leader who devoted his life to helping us understand what those words really mean. We will never forget the historic crowds, the voice, the energy, and the profound faith of Billy Graham! #CPAC2018 https://t.co/5GDh7Jonkv
We salute our great American flag, we put our hands on our hearts for the pledge of Allegiance, and we all PROUDLY STAND for the National Anthem. #CPAC2018 https://t.co/qGKW2xGjP0
After years of rebuilding OTHER nations, we are finally rebuilding OUR nation - and we are restoring our confidence and our pride! #CPAC2018 https://t.co/rD9oTU8iex
For those of you who are still interested, the Democrats have totally forgotten about DACA. Not a lot of interest on this subject from them!
My daughter, Ivanka, just arrived in South Korea. We cannot have a better, or smarter, person representing our country.
CPAC Today!
MS-13 gang members are being removed by our Great ICE and Border Patrol Agents by the thousands, but these killers come back in from El Salvador, and through Mexico, like water. El Salvador just takes our money, and Mexico must help MORE with this problem. We need The Wall!
Thank you Michigan, I am on my way. See everybody soon! #KAG https://t.co/GP9SbH67CN
“School shooting survivor says he quit @CNN Town Hall after refusing scripted question.” @TuckerCarlson. Just like so much of CNN, Fake News. That’s why their ratings are so bad! MSNBC may be worse.
Today, it was my great honor to host a School Safety Roundtable at the @WhiteHouse with State and local leaders, law enforcement officers, and education officials.There is nothing more important than protecting our children. They deserve to be safe, and we will deliver! https://t.co/WhC2AxgWXO
On behalf of an entire Nation, CONGRATULATIONS to the U.S. Women's Hockey Team on winning the GOLD! #GoTeamUSA #Olympics https://t.co/3cUZwLVGua
Will be meeting with Lawmakers today at 11:30 A.M. to discuss School Safety.  Next week it will be with our Nation’s Governors. It’s been many years of all talk, no action. We’ll get it done!
What many people don’t understand, or don’t want to understand, is that Wayne, Chris and the folks who work so hard at the @NRA are Great People and Great American Patriots. They love our Country and will do the right thing.                  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health. Raise age to 21 and end sale of Bump Stocks! Congress is in a mood to finally do something on this issue - I hope!
....If a potential “sicko shooter” knows that a school has a large number of very weapons talented teachers (and others) who will be instantly shooting, the sicko will NEVER attack that school. Cowards won’t go there...problem solved. Must be offensive, defense alone won’t work!
....History shows that a school shooting lasts, on average, 3 minutes. It takes police &amp, first responders approximately 5 to 8 minutes to get to site of crime. Highly trained, gun adept, teachers/coaches would solve the problem instantly, before police arrive. GREAT DETERRENT!
....immediately fire back if a savage sicko came to a school with bad intentions. Highly trained teachers would also serve as a deterrent to the cowards that do this. Far more assets at much less cost than guards. A “gun free” school is a magnet for bad people. ATTACKS WOULD END!
I never said “give teachers guns” like was stated on Fake News @CNN &amp, @NBC. What I said was to look at the possibility of giving “concealed guns to gun adept teachers with military or special training experience - only the best. 20% of teachers, a lot, would now be able to
I will always remember the time I spent today with courageous students, teachers and families. So much love in the midst of so much pain. We must not let them down. We must keep our children safe!!Full Listening Session: https://t.co/x5VenyQX5p https://t.co/CAPfX5odIp
.@FLOTUS Melania and I join millions of people around the world in mourning the passing of Billy Graham. Our prayers are with his children, grandchildren, great-grandchildren and all who worked closely with Reverend Graham in his lifelong ministry. https://t.co/e1697tcyaI
Yesterday, it was my great honor to recognize extraordinary Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders, and to award them the the highest possible decoration for bravery by public safety officers, the Medal of Valor. #AmericanHeroes https://t.co/em0wBbvy5P
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? Why didn’t Obama do something about the meddling? Why aren’t Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Sessions!
The GREAT Billy Graham is dead. There was nobody like him! He will be missed by Christians and all religions. A very special man.
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration, right up to January 20th, why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? Why didn’t Obama do something about the meddling? Why aren’t Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Session!
@CNN @MSNBC Whether we are Republican or Democrat, we must now focus on strengthening Background Checks!
Bad ratings @CNN &amp, @MSNBC got scammed when they covered the anti-Trump Russia rally wall-to-wall. They probably knew it was Fake News but, because it was a rally against me, they pushed it hard anyway. Two really dishonest newscasters, but the public is wise!
"Main Street is BOOMING thanks to our incredible TAX CUT and Reform law. ""This shows small-business owners are more than just optimistic, they are ready to grow their businesses."" https://t.co/w9aw68UwOj"
....cameras running. Another False Accusation. Why doesn’t @washingtonpost report the story of the women taking money to make up stories about me? One had her home mortgage paid off. Only @FoxNews so reported...doesn’t fit the Mainstream Media narrative.
A woman I don’t know and, to the best of my knowledge, never met, is on the FRONT PAGE of the Fake News Washington Post saying I kissed her (for two minutes yet) in the lobby of Trump Tower 12 years ago. Never happened! Who would do this in a public space with live security......
I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama, just look at the facts. Total Fake News!
Hope Republicans in the Great State of Pennsylvania challenge the new “pushed” Congressional Map, all the way to the Supreme Court, if necessary. Your Original was correct! Don’t let the Dems take elections away from you so that they can raise taxes &amp, waste money!
Stock Market up big. New and Historic Record. Job, jobs, jobs!
Republicans are now leading the Generic Poll, perhaps because of the popular Tax Cuts which the Dems want to take away. Actually, they want to raise you taxes, substantially. Also, they want to do nothing on DACA, R’s want to fix!
....The President Obama quote just before election. That’s because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and he didn’t want to “rock the boat.” When I easily won the Electoral College, the whole game changed and the Russian excuse became the narrative of the Dems.
“There is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig America’s elections, there’s no evidence that that has happened in the past or that it will happen this time, and so I’d invite Mr. Trump to stop whining and make his case to get votes.” .....
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the great timeline on all of the failures the Obama Administration had against Russia, including Crimea, Syria and so much more. We are now starting to win again!
“The Faith of Donald Trump,” a book just out by David Brody and Scott Lamb, is a very interesting read. Enjoy!
The U.S. economy is looking very good, in my opinion, even better than anticipated. Companies are pouring back into our country, reversing the long term trend of leaving. The unemployment numbers are looking great, and Regulations &amp, Taxes have been massively Cut! JOBS, JOBS, JOBS
.@MittRomney has announced he is running for the Senate from the wonderful State of Utah. He will make a great Senator and worthy successor to @OrrinHatch, and has my full support and endorsement!
Obama was President up to, and beyond, the 2016 Election. So why didn’t he do something about Russian meddling?
Have a great, but very reflective, President’s Day!
Just watched a very insecure Oprah Winfrey, who at one point I knew very well, interview a panel of people on 60 Minutes. The questions were biased and slanted, the facts incorrect. Hope Oprah runs so she can be exposed and defeated just like all of the others!
My great friends from NASCAR are having their big race today, The Daytona 500. Brian France and the France family are special people. Enjoy the race!
Thank you to KenStarr, former Independent Counsel, Whitewater, for your insight and powerful words on FISA abuse, Russian meddling etc. Really great interview with @MariaBartiromo
Great Pollster John McLaughlin now has the GOP up in the Generic Congressional Ballot. Big gain over last 4 weeks. I guess people are loving the big Tax Cuts given them by the Republicans, the Cuts the Dems want to take away. We need more Republicans!
The Fake News of big ratings loser CNN. https://t.co/rYsv90cnvs
If it was the GOAL of Russia to create discord, disruption and chaos within the U.S. then, with all of the Committee Hearings, Investigations and Party hatred, they have succeeded beyond their wildest dreams. They are laughing their asses off in Moscow. Get smart America!
RT @mike_pence: Big night. Largest-ever Dallas County GOP Reagan Day Dinner. As I told the crowd, under President @realDonaldTrump: Promise...
Now that Adam Schiff is starting to blame President Obama for Russian meddling in the election, he is probably doing so as yet another excuse that the Democrats, lead by their fearless leader, Crooked Hillary Clinton, lost the 2016 election. But wasn’t I a great candidate?
I never said Russia did not meddle in the election, I said “it may be Russia, or China or another country or group, or it may be a 400 pound genius sitting in bed and playing with his computer.” The Russian “hoax” was that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia - it never did!
Finally, Liddle’ Adam Schiff, the leakin’ monster of no control, is now blaming the Obama Administration for Russian meddling in the 2016 Election. He is finally right about something. Obama was President, knew of the threat, and did nothing. Thank you Adam!
Never gotten over the fact that Obama was able to send $1.7 Billion Dollars in CASH to Iran and nobody in Congress, the FBI or Justice called for an investigation!
General McMaster forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the Russians and that the only Collusion was between Russia and Crooked H, the DNC and the Dems. Remember the Dirty Dossier, Uranium, Speeches, Emails and the Podesta Company!
Very sad that the FBI missed all of the many signals sent out by the Florida school shooter. This is not acceptable. They are spending too much time trying to prove Russian collusion with the Trump campaign - there is no collusion. Get back to the basics and make us all proud!
Just like they don’t want to solve the DACA problem, why didn’t the Democrats pass gun control legislation when they had both the House &amp, Senate during the Obama Administration. Because they didn’t want to, and now they just talk!
“I have seen all of the Russian ads and I can say very definitively that swaying the election was *NOT* the main goal.”Rob GoldmanVice President of Facebook Ads https://t.co/A5ft7cGJkE
The Fake News Media never fails. Hard to ignore this fact from the Vice President of Facebook Ads, Rob Goldman! https://t.co/XGC7ynZwYJ
Funny how the Fake News Media doesn’t want to say that the Russian group was formed in 2014, long before my run for President. Maybe they knew I was going to run even though I didn’t know!
Deputy A.G. Rod Rosenstein stated at the News Conference: “There is no allegation in the indictment that any American was a knowing participant in this illegal activity. There is no allegation in the indictment that the charged conduct altered the outcome of the 2016 election.
"""The Truth About Impeachment""@SteveHiltonx @NextRevFNC https://t.co/3Pe2zClfUK"
“Charges Deal Don A Big Win,” written by Michael Goodwin of the @nypost, succinctly states that “the Russians had no impact on the election results.” There was no Collusion with the Trump Campaign. “She lost the old-fashioned way, by being a terrible candidate. Case closed.”
Melania and I met such incredible people last night in Broward County, Florida. Will never forget them, or the evening!
Our entire Nation, w/one heavy heart, continues to pray for the victims &amp, their families in Parkland, FL. To teachers, law enforcement, first responders &amp, medical professionals who responded so bravely in the face of danger: We THANK YOU for your courage! https://t.co/3yJsrebZMG https://t.co/ti791dENTy
Russia started their anti-US campaign in 2014, long before I announced that I would run for President. The results of the election were not impacted. The Trump campaign did nothing wrong - no collusion!
Cannot believe how BADLY DACA recipients have been treated by the Democrats...totally abandoned! Republicans are still working hard.
I will be leaving for Florida today to meet with some of the bravest people on earth - but people whose lives have been totally shattered. Am also working with Congress on many fronts.
Presidential Proclamation Honoring the Victims of the Tragedy in Parkland, Florida: https://t.co/RTQWAKiSnR https://t.co/Nhs32bm5zB
...lottery, continues deadly catch-and-release, and bars enforcement even for FUTURE illegal immigrants. Voting for this amendment would be a vote AGAINST law enforcement, and a vote FOR open borders. If Dems are actually serious about DACA, they should support the Grassley bill!
The Schumer-Rounds-Collins immigration bill would be a total catastrophe. @DHSgov says it would be “the end of immigration enforcement in America.” It creates a giant amnesty (including for dangerous criminals), doesn’t build the wall, expands chain migration, keeps the visa...
RT @SpoxDHS: Schumer-Rounds-Collins destroys the ability of @DHSgov to enforce immigration laws, creating a mass amnesty for over 10 millio...
In times of tragedy, the bonds that sustain us are those of family, faith, community, and country. These bonds are stronger than the forces of hatred and evil - and these bonds grow even stronger in the hours of our greatest need. https://t.co/bu140nscez https://t.co/OoTXMCSexB
While the Republicans and Democrats in Congress are working hard to come up with a solution to DACA, they should be strongly considering a system of Merit Based Immigration so that we will have the people ready, willing and able to help all of those companies moving into the USA!
So many signs that the Florida shooter was mentally disturbed, even expelled from school for bad and erratic behavior. Neighbors and classmates knew he was a big problem. Must always report such instances to authorities, again and again!
Just spoke to Governor Rick Scott. We are working closely with law enforcement on the terrible Florida school shooting.
My prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible Florida shooting. No child, teacher or anyone else should ever feel unsafe in an American school.
Today, I was honored to be joined by Republicans and Democrats from both the House and Senate, as well as members of my Cabinet - to discuss the urgent need to rebuild and restore America’s depleted infrastructure. https://t.co/8ByoQJsjTT https://t.co/BVBRDvHfcC
As we come together to celebrate the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to our nation, our thoughts turn to the heroes of the civil rights movement whose courage and sacrifice have inspired us all. Proclamation: https://t.co/Sw1iGIJgWV https://t.co/Nx0AEKZy5p
Negotiations on DACA have begun. Republicans want to make a deal and Democrats say they want to make a deal. Wouldn’t it be great if we could finally, after so many years, solve the DACA puzzle. This will be our last chance, there will never be another opportunity! March 5th.
Our infrastructure plan has been put forward and has received great reviews by everyone except, of course, the Democrats. After many years we have taken care of our Military, now we have to fix our roads, bridges, tunnels, airports and more. Bipartisan, make deal Dems?
The journey to #MAGA began @CPAC 2011 and the opportunity to reconnect with friends and supporters is something I look forward to every year. See you at #CPAC2018!
Thank you to Sue Kruczek, who lost her wonderful and talented son Nick to the Opioid scourge, for your kind words while on @foxandfriends. We are fighting this terrible epidemic hard - Nick will not have died in vain!
This will be a big week for Infrastructure. After so stupidly spending $7 trillion in the Middle East, it is now time to start investing in OUR Country!
Just spoke to @JohnKasich to express condolences and prayers to all for the horrible shooting of two great police officers from @WestervillePD. This is a true tragedy!
Rep. Lou Barletta, a Great Republican from Pennsylvania who was one of my very earliest supporters, will make a FANTASTIC Senator. He is strong &amp, smart, loves Pennsylvania &amp, loves our Country! Voted for Tax Cuts, unlike Bob Casey, who listened to Tax Hikers Pelosi and Schumer!
4.2 million hard working Americans have already received a large Bonus and/or Pay Increase because of our recently Passed Tax Cut &amp, Jobs Bill....and it will only get better! We are far ahead of schedule.
The United States needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be part of any DACA approval. The safety and security of our country is #1! https://t.co/4CFzQXb5aS
So many positive things going on for the U.S.A. and the Fake News Media just doesn’t want to go there. Same negative stories over and over again! No wonder the People no longer trust the media, whose approval ratings are correctly at their lowest levels in history!    #MAGA
My Administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, modern and lawful immigration system: fully securing the border, ending chain migration, and canceling the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans. https://t.co/xV1lgfhjBU
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers, their families, and everybody at the @WestervillePD. https://t.co/AoingY77Ky
Republicans want to fix DACA far more than the Democrats do. The Dems had all three branches of government back in 2008-2011, and they decided not to do anything about DACA. They only want to use it as a campaign issue. Vote Republican!
....agencies, not just the FBI &amp, DOJ, now the State Department to dig up dirt on him in the days leading up to the Election. Comey had conversations with Donald Trump, which I don’t believe were accurate...he leaked information (corrupt).” Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch on @FoxNews
“My view is that not only has Trump been vindicated in the last several weeks about the mishandling of the Dossier and the lies about the Clinton/DNC Dossier, it shows that he’s been victimized. He’s been victimized by the Obama Administration who were using all sorts of.......
Peoples lives are being shattered and destroyed by a mere allegation. Some are true and some are false. Some are old and some are new. There is no recovery for someone falsely accused - life and career are gone. Is there no such thing any longer as Due Process?
According to the @nytimes, a Russian sold phony secrets on “Trump” to the U.S. Asking price was $10 million, brought down to $1 million to be paid over time. I hope people are now seeing &amp, understanding what is going on here. It is all now starting to come out - DRAIN THE SWAMP!
The Democrats sent a very political and long response memo which they knew, because of sources and methods (and more), would have to be heavily redacted, whereupon they would blame the White House for lack of transparency. Told them to re-do and send back in proper form!
Jobless claims have dropped to a 45 year low!
Costs on non-military lines will never come down if we do not elect more Republicans in the 2018 Election, and beyond. This Bill is a BIG VICTORY for our Military, but much waste in order to get Dem votes. Fortunately, DACA not included in this Bill, negotiations to start now!
Without more Republicans in Congress, we were forced to increase spending on things we do not like or want in order to finally, after many years of depletion, take care of our Military. Sadly, we needed some Dem votes for passage. Must elect more Republicans in 2018 Election!
Just signed Bill. Our Military will now be stronger than ever before. We love and need our Military and gave them everything — and more. First time this has happened in a long time. Also means JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!
Wow! -Senator Mark Warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch. Warner did not want a “paper trail” on a “private” meeting (in London) he requested with Steele of fraudulent Dossier fame. All tied into Crooked Hillary.
Time to end the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans. https://t.co/yukxm48x9X
As long as we open our eyes to God’s grace - and open our hearts to God’s love - then America will forever be the land of the free, the home of the brave, and a light unto all nations. #NationalPrayerBreakfast https://t.co/1cwxs3l0uK
I will be meeting with Henry Kissinger at 1:45pm. Will be discussing North Korea, China and the Middle East.
Our founders invoked our Creator four times in the Declaration of Independence. Our currency declares “IN GOD WE TRUST.” And we place our hands on our hearts as we recite the Pledge of Allegiance and proclaim that we are “One Nation Under God.” #NationalPrayerBreakfast https://t.co/zukP40Ezpo
Will be heading over shortly to make remarks at The National Prayer Breakfast in Washington. Great religious and political leaders, and many friends, including T.V. producer Mark Burnett of our wonderful 14 season Apprentice triumph, will be there. Looking forward to seeing all!
The Budget Agreement today is so important for our great Military. It ends the dangerous sequester and gives Secretary Mattis what he needs to keep America Great. Republicans and Democrats must support our troops and support this Bill!
Congratulations to the Republic of Korea on what will be a MAGNIFICENT Winter Olympics! What the South Korean people have built is truly an inspiration! https://t.co/giN2B1h6Ph
Best wishes to the Republic of Korea on hosting the @Olympics! What a wonderful opportunity to show everyone that you are a truly GREAT NATION! https://t.co/aboM2Up48y
NEW FBI TEXTS ARE BOMBSHELLS!
In the “old days,” when good news was reported, the Stock Market would go up. Today, when good news is reported, the Stock Market goes down. Big mistake, and we have so much good (great) news about the economy!
Congratulations @ElonMusk and @SpaceX on the successful #FalconHeavy launch. This achievement, along with @NASA’s commercial and international partners, continues to show American ingenuity at its best! https://t.co/eZfLSpyJPK
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our 40th President of the United States of America, Ronald Reagan! https://t.co/JtEglBhm4c
Today, we heard the experiences of law enforcement professionals and community leaders working to combat the threat of MS-13, and the reforms we need from Congress to defeat it. Watch here: https://t.co/VPMTnko7Ik https://t.co/4OaXXuj9Va
We need a 21st century MERIT-BASED immigration system.  Chain migration and the visa lottery are outdated programs that hurt our economic and national security. https://t.co/rP9Gtr2E5N
Polling shows nearly 7 in 10 Americans support an immigration reform package that includes DACA, fully secures the border, ends chain migration &amp, cancels the visa lottery. If D’s oppose this deal, they aren’t serious about DACA-they just want open borders. https://t.co/XDMcDOr9vM
My prayers and best wishes are with the family of Edwin Jackson, a wonderful young man whose life was so senselessly taken. @Colts
So disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed @Colts linebacker Edwin Jackson. This is just one of many such preventable tragedies. We must get the Dems to get tough on the Border, and with illegal immigration, FAST!
Thanks to the historic TAX CUTS that I signed into law, your paychecks are going way UP, your taxes are going way DOWN, and America is once again OPEN FOR BUSINESS! https://t.co/GISFbDDGXX
Representative Devin Nunes, a man of tremendous courage and grit, may someday be recognized as a Great American Hero for what he has exposed and what he has had to endure!
Any deal on DACA that does not include STRONG border security and the desperately needed WALL is a total waste of time. March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Dems seem not to care about DACA. Make a deal!
Little Adam Schiff, who is desperate to run for higher office, is one of the biggest liars and leakers in Washington, right up there with Comey, Warner, Brennan and Clapper! Adam leaves closed committee hearings to illegally leak confidential information. Must be stopped!
Thank you to @foxandfriends for exposing the truth. Perhaps that’s why your ratings are soooo much better than your untruthful competition!
The Democrats are pushing for Universal HealthCare while thousands of people are marching in the UK because their U system is going broke and not working. Dems want to greatly raise taxes for really bad and non-personal medical care. No thanks!
Congratulations to the Philadelphia Eagles on a great Super Bowl victory!
My thoughts and prayers are with all of the victims involved in this mornings train collision in South Carolina. Thank you to our incredible First Responders for the work they’ve done!
...a tool of anti-Trump political actors. This is unacceptable in a democracy and ought to alarm anyone who wants the FBI to be a nonpartisan enforcer of the law....The FBI wasn’t straight with Congress, as it hid most of these facts from investigators.” Wall Street Journal
“The four page memo released Friday reports the disturbing fact about how the FBI and FISA appear to have been used to influence the 2016 election and its aftermath....The FBI failed to inform the FISA court that the Clinton campaign had funded the dossier....the FBI became....
Great jobs numbers and finally, after many years, rising wages- and nobody even talks about them. Only Russia, Russia, Russia, despite the fact that, after a year of looking, there is No Collusion!
This memo totally vindicates “Trump” in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!
Rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49%, a far better number than I had in winning the Election, and higher than certain “sacred cows.” Other Trump polls are way up also. So why does the media refuse to write this? Oh well, someday!
RT @EricTrump: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https://t.co/CJts3udtNO
RT @EricTrump: 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https://t.co/iszxYp036c
Today, it was my honor to join the great men and women of @DHSgov, @CustomsBorder, @ICEgov and @USCIS at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection National Targeting Center in Sterling, Virginia. Fact sheet: https://t.co/Q027Wgdzdo https://t.co/NecuA0y1Sk
“Trump the orator outlines the greatness of America to Democrats’ disgust” https://t.co/XpirrtTY6V
With 3.5 million Americans receiving bonuses or other benefits from their employers as a result of TAX CUTS, 2018 is off to great start!✅Unemployment rate at 4.1%.✅Average earnings up 2.9% in the last year.✅200,000 new American jobs.✅#MAGA🇺🇸 https://t.co/upqSvBhRqJ
“You had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to GPS Fusion to create a Dossier which was used by their allies in the Obama Administration to convince a Court misleadingly, by all accounts, to spy on the Trump Team.” Tom Fitton, JW
95% Approval Rating in Republican Party. Thank you!
The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank &amp, File are great people!
The Democrats just aren’t calling about DACA. Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer have to get moving fast, or they’ll disappoint you again. We have a great chance to make a deal or, blame the Dems! March 5th is coming up fast.
Thank you for all of the nice compliments and reviews on the State of the Union speech. 45.6 million people watched, the highest number in history. @FoxNews beat every other Network, for the first time ever, with 11.7 million people tuning in. Delivered from the heart!
March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Democrats are doing nothing about DACA. They Resist, Blame, Complain and Obstruct - and do nothing. Start pushing Nancy Pelosi and the Dems to work out a DACA fix, NOW!
Heading to beautiful West Virginia to be with great members of the Republican Party. Will be planning Infrastructure and discussing Immigration and DACA, not easy when we have no support from the Democrats. NOT ONE DEM VOTED FOR OUR TAX CUT BILL! Need more Republicans in ‘18.
Join me live for the #SOTUhttps://t.co/0SLktWxfHi
Congratulations to America’s new Secretary of @HHSGov, Alex Azar! https://t.co/Y9inQaCt7o
Our economy is better than it has been in many decades. Businesses are coming back to America like never before. Chrysler, as an example, is leaving Mexico and coming back to the USA. Unemployment is nearing record lows. We are on the right track!
Somebody please inform Jay-Z that because of my policies, Black Unemployment has just been reported to be at the LOWEST RATE EVER RECORDED!
Democrats are not interested in Border Safety &amp, Security or in the funding and rebuilding of our Military. They are only interested in Obstruction!
I have offered DACA a wonderful deal, including a doubling in the number of recipients &amp, a twelve year pathway to citizenship, for two reasons: (1) Because the Republicans want to fix a long time terrible problem. (2) To show that Democrats do not want to solve DACA, only use it!
Taliban targeted innocent Afghans, brave police in Kabul today. Our thoughts and prayers go to the victims, and first responders. We will not allow the Taliban to win!
On Holocaust Remembrance Day we mourn and grieve the murder of 6 million innocent Jewish men, women and children, and the millions of others who perished in the evil Nazi Genocide. We pledge with all of our might and resolve: Never Again! https://t.co/PfHM7UiZ0C https://t.co/25W0SZHTOu
Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for his strong statement on @foxandfriends that we very badly NEED THE WALL. Must also end loophole of “catch &amp, release” and clean up the legal and other procedures at the border NOW for Safety &amp, Security reasons.
Thank you for the wonderful welcome @WEF! #Davos2018 https://t.co/IQkoQJxR5B
DACA has been made increasingly difficult by the fact that Cryin’ Chuck Schumer took such a beating over the shutdown that he is unable to act on immigration!
Heading back from a very exciting two days in Davos, Switzerland. Speech on America’s economic revival was well received. Many of the people I met will be investing in the U.S.A.! #MAGA
Join me live at the 2018 World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland! #WEF18 https://t.co/fdHejCmv73 https://t.co/DuKJlVTWB8
Great bilateral meeting with President @Alain_Berset of the Swiss Confederation - as we continue to strengthen our great friendship. Such an honor to be in Switzerland! #WEF18 https://t.co/87pLrCpQkZ
It was an honor to meet with Republic of Rwanda President Paul Kagame this morning in Davos, Switzerland. Many great discussions! #WEF18 https://t.co/SaPzwVhDiB
Will be interviewed on  @SquawkCNBC by @JoeSquawk coming up at 6:00amE from Davos, Switzerland. Enjoy! #WEF18 https://t.co/7egYlxnFBd
Today, Americans everywhere remember the brave men and women of @NASA who lost their lives in our Nation’s eternal quest to expand the boundaries of human potential. https://t.co/clBsJTGz8B https://t.co/jTJkusdBQA
Very productive bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin @Netanyahu of Israel - in Davos, Switzerland! #WEF18 https://t.co/2sZM9YI7tJ
Great bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May of the United Kingdom, affirming the special relationship and our commitment to work together on key national security challenges and economic opportunities. #WEF18 https://t.co/FPP8aRDAyt
Will soon be heading to Davos, Switzerland, to tell the world how great America is and is doing. Our economy is now booming and with all I am doing, will only get better...Our country is finally WINNING again!
It was my great honor to welcome Mayor’s from across America to the WH. My Administration will always support local government - and listen to the leaders who know their communities best. Together, we will usher in a bold new era of Peace and Prosperity! https://t.co/dmYECTnk0a https://t.co/RSv7V7r0DT
This is the One Year Anniversary of my Presidency and the Democrats wanted to give me a nice present. #DemocratShutdown
Earlier today, I spoke with @GovMattBevin of Kentucky regarding yesterday’s shooting at Marshall County High School. My thoughts and prayers are with Bailey Holt, Preston Cope, their families, and all of the wounded victims who are in recovery. We are with you!
Tremendous investment by companies from all over the world being made in America. There has never been anything like it. Now Disney, J.P. Morgan Chase and many others. Massive Regulation Reduction and Tax Cuts are making us a powerhouse again. Long way to go! Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
RT @SJPFISH: Any Reasons To Vote Democratic ?@9mmcassy@SJPFISH@shipmate68@fortressfin@tagruber@christophercsa6@secretstranger9@MMch...
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer fully understands, especially after his humiliating defeat, that if there is no Wall, there is no DACA. We must have safety and security, together with a strong Military, for our great people!
Where are the 50,000 important text messages between FBI lovers Lisa Page and Peter Strzok?  Blaming Samsung!
Thank you to General John Kelly, who is doing a fantastic job, and all of the Staff and others in the White House, for a job well done. Long hours and Fake reporting makes your job more difficult, but it is always great to WIN, and few have won more than us!
Nobody knows for sure that the Republicans &amp, Democrats will be able to reach a deal on DACA by February 8, but everyone will be trying....with a big additional focus put on Military Strength and Border Security. The Dems have just learned that a Shutdown is not the answer!
In one of the biggest stories in a long time, the FBI now says it is missing five months worth of lovers Strzok-Page texts, perhaps 50,000, and all in prime time. Wow!
In one of the biggest stories in a long time, the FBI says it is now missing five months worth of lovers Strzok - Page texts, perhaps 50,000, all in prime time. Wow!
Even Crazy Jim Acosta of Fake News CNN agrees: “Trump World and WH sources dancing in end zone: Trump wins again...Schumer and Dems caved...gambled and lost.” Thank you for your honesty Jim!
Big win for Republicans as Democrats cave on Shutdown. Now I want a big win for everyone, including Republicans, Democrats and DACA, but especially for our Great Military and Border Security. Should be able to get there. See you at the negotiating table!
End the Democrats Obstruction! https://t.co/tzBXilvW1b
Democrats have shut down our government in the interests of their far left base. They don’t want to do it but are powerless!
The Democrats are turning down services and security for citizens in favor of services and security for non-citizens. Not good!
Thank you to Brad Blakeman on @FoxNews for grading year one of my presidency with an “A”-and likewise to Doug Schoen for the very good grade and statements. Working hard!
Great to see how hard Republicans are fighting for our Military and Safety at the Border. The Dems just want illegal immigrants to pour into our nation unchecked. If stalemate continues, Republicans should go to 51% (Nuclear Option) and vote on real, long term budget, no C.R.’s!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Democrats are holding our Military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration. Can’t let that hap...
"RT @FoxNews: .@EricTrump: ""My father was elected for one reason, and that's because he actually believes in putting America first, which is..."
"RT @FoxNews: .@KellyannePolls: ""Since @POTUS took office, 863,000 new jobs were filled by women. Over half a million American women have en..."
"RT @FoxNews: .@davidwebbshow: ""Let's look at the calendar. It's January 20th. DACA expires on March 5th. That means this was a construct of..."
"RT @FoxNews: .@EricTrump: ""People have seen a year that's incredible, that's been filled with nothing but the best for our country, America..."
Eric Trump on @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews now!
The Trump Administration has terminated more UNNECESSARY Regulation, in just twelve months, than any other Administration has terminated during their full term in office, no matter what the length. The good news is, THERE IS MUCH MORE TO COME!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Democrats are far more concerned with Illegal Immigrants than they are with our great Military or Safety at our danger...
Unprecedented success for our Country, in so many ways, since the Election. Record Stock Market, Strong on Military, Crime, Borders, &amp, ISIS, Judicial Strength &amp, Numbers, Lowest Unemployment for Women &amp, ALL, Massive Tax Cuts, end of Individual Mandate - and so much more. Big 2018!
Beautiful weather all over our great country, a perfect day for all Women to March. Get out there now to celebrate the historic milestones and unprecedented economic success and wealth creation that has taken place over the last 12 months. Lowest female unemployment in 18 years!
Democrats are holding our Military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration. Can’t let that happen!
#AMERICA FIRST!
For those asking, the Republicans only have 51 votes in the Senate, and they need 60. That is why we need to win more Republicans in 2018 Election! We can then be even tougher on  Crime (and Border), and even better to our Military &amp, Veterans!
Thank you @JennaEllisRives, really well done! https://t.co/N2VsQ8y0rb
Democrats are far more concerned with Illegal Immigrants than they are with our great Military or Safety at our dangerous Southern Border. They could have easily made a deal but decided to play Shutdown politics instead. #WeNeedMoreRepublicansIn18 in order to power through mess!
Not looking good for our great Military or Safety &amp, Security on the very dangerous Southern Border. Dems want a Shutdown in order to help diminish the great success of the Tax Cuts, and what they are doing for our booming economy.
RT @SJPFISH: Are You Fired 🔥 Up Yet ! @Serremmy@9mmcassy@RL9631@RacySicilian@SealeyGerald@MarianaHirmas@InBlondWeTrust@markkirin_@...
Excellent preliminary meeting in Oval with @SenSchumer - working on solutions for Security and our great Military together with @SenateMajLdr McConnell and @SpeakerRyan. Making progress - four week extension would be best!
Just signed 702 Bill to reauthorize foreign intelligence collection. This is NOT the same FISA law that was so wrongly abused during the election. I will always do the right thing for our country and put the safety of the American people first!
Today, I was honored and proud to address the 45th Annual @March_for_Life! You are living witnesses of this year’s March for Life theme: #LoveSavesLives. https://t.co/DMST4qhDmp
“Shutting down the government is a very serious thing. People die, accidents happen. I don’t know how I would vote right now on a CR, OK?”Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif)https://t.co/7xP3CBnv5j
.@WhiteHouse Briefing with Director Marc Short and Director Mick Mulvaney...https://t.co/0O0VsYXmHB
Government Funding Bill past last night in the House of Representatives. Now Democrats are needed if it is to pass in the Senate - but they want illegal immigration and weak borders. Shutdown coming? We need more Republican victories in 2018!
House of Representatives needs to pass Government Funding Bill tonight. So important for our country - our Military needs it!
AMERICA will once again be a NATION that thinks big, dreams bigger, and always reaches for the stars. YOU are the ones who will shape America’s destiny. YOU are the ones who will restore our prosperity. And YOU are the ones who are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #MAGA https://t.co/f2abNK47II
Departing Pittsburgh now, where it was my great honor to stand with our incredible workers, and to show the world that AMERICA is back - and we are coming back bigger and better and stronger than ever before! https://t.co/kWPgylqFzj
A government shutdown will be devastating to our military...something the Dems care very little about!
CHIP should be part of a long term solution, not a 30 Day, or short term, extension!
We need the Wall for the safety and security of our country. We need the Wall to help stop the massive inflow of drugs from Mexico, now rated the number one most dangerous country in the world. If there is no Wall, there is no Deal!
Will be going to Pennsylvania today in order to give my total support to RICK SACCONE, running for Congress in a Special Election (March 13). Rick is a great guy. We need more Republicans to continue our already successful agenda!
....The Wall will be paid for, directly or indirectly, or through longer term reimbursement, by Mexico, which has a ridiculous $71 billion dollar trade surplus with the U.S. The $20 billion dollar Wall is “peanuts” compared to what Mexico makes from the U.S. NAFTA is a bad joke!
The Wall is the Wall, it has never changed or evolved from the first day I conceived of it. Parts will be, of necessity, see through and it was never intended to be built in areas where there is natural protection such as mountains, wastelands or tough rivers or water.....
ISIS is in retreat, our economy is booming, investments and jobs are pouring back into the country, and so much more! Together there is nothing we can’t overcome--even a very biased media. We ARE Making America Great Again!
Despite some very corrupt and dishonest media coverage, there are many great reporters I respect and lots of GOOD NEWS for the American people to be proud of!
And the FAKE NEWS winners are...https://t.co/59G6x2f7fD
Main Street is BACK! Strongest Holiday Sales bump since the Great Recession -- beating forecasts by BILLIONS OF DOLLARS. https://t.co/kDcGbMieSt
During the campaign, I promised to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN by bringing businesses and jobs back to our country. I am very proud to see companies like Chrysler moving operations from Mexico to Michigan where there are so many great American workers! https://t.co/hz2q9UTfnF
I promised that my policies would allow companies like Apple to bring massive amounts of money back to the United States. Great to see Apple follow through as a result of TAX CUTS. Huge win for American workers and the USA! https://t.co/OwXVUyLOb1
Today, we witnessed an incredible moment in history – the presentation of Congress’ highest civilian honor to our friend, and true AMERICAN HERO, Bob Dole. #CongressionalGoldMedal https://t.co/qNQqDLRmCk
Eric Trump on @foxandfriends  now!
....we need to keep America safe, including moving away from a random chain migration and lottery system, to one that is merit-based. https://t.co/7PtoSFK1n2
New report from DOJ &amp, DHS shows that nearly 3 in 4 individuals convicted of terrorism-related charges are foreign-born. We have submitted to Congress a list of resources and reforms....
Unemployment for Black Americans is the lowest ever recorded. Trump approval ratings with Black Americans has doubled. Thank you, and it will get even (much) better! @FoxNews
“90% of Trump 2017 news coverage was negative” -and much of it contrived!@foxandfriends
Do you notice the Fake News Mainstream Media never likes covering the great and record setting economic news, but rather talks about anything negative or that can be turned into the negative. The Russian Collusion Hoax is dead, except as it pertains to the Dems. Public gets it!
The Democrats want to shut down the Government over Amnesty for all and Border Security. The biggest loser will be our rapidly rebuilding Military, at a time we need it more than ever. We need a merit based system of immigration, and we need it now! No more dangerous Lottery.
We must have Security at our VERY DANGEROUS SOUTHERN BORDER, and we must have a great WALL to help protect us, and to help stop the massive inflow of drugs pouring into our country!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Senator Dicky Durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the DACA meeting. Deals can’t get made when there is no t...
RT @realDonaldTrump: DACA is probably dead because the Democrats don’t really want it, they just want to talk and take desperately needed m...
RT @realDonaldTrump: I, as President, want people coming into our Country who are going to help us become strong and great again, people co...
RT @realDonaldTrump: ...big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible” (among many other things). “President Trump reversed the poli...
RT @realDonaldTrump: “President Trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy. Tax Cut bonuses to more than 2,000,000 workers...
RT @EricTrump: I will be always be incredibly proud of my work for @StJude, raising $16.3+ million dollars over the last 10 years at a 9.2%...
RT @EricTrump: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https://t.co/b81NtQGhHa
RT @Heritage: We had a special visitor yesterday. @IvankaTrump, thank you for meeting with @KayColesJames, spending time with our team, and...
Senator Dicky Durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the DACA meeting. Deals can’t get made when there is no trust! Durbin blew DACA and is hurting our Military.
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""Dr. King's dream is our dream. It is the American Dream. It's the promise stitched into the fabric of our Nation, etched i..."
...to stop drugs, they want to take money away from our military which we cannot do.” My standard is very simple, AMERICA FIRST &amp, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Statement by me last night in Florida: “Honestly, I don’t think the Democrats want to make a deal. They talk about DACA, but they don’t want to help..We are ready, willing and able to make a deal but they don’t want to. They don’t want security at the border, they don’t want.....
...big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible” (among many other things). “President Trump reversed the policies of President Obama, and reversed our economic decline.” Thank you Stuart Varney.  @foxandfriends
“President Trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy. Tax Cut bonuses to more than 2,000,000 workers. Most explosive Stock Market rally that we’ve seen in modern times. 18,000 to 26,000 from Election, and grounded in profitability and growth. All Trump, not 0...
I, as President, want people coming into our Country who are going to help us become strong and great again, people coming in through a system based on MERIT. No more Lotteries! #AMERICA FIRST
DACA is probably dead because the Democrats don’t really want it, they just want to talk and take desperately needed money away from our Military.
RT @realDonaldTrump: So much Fake News is being reported. They don’t even try to get it right, or correct it when they are wrong. They prom...
...and they knew exactly what I said and meant. They just wanted a story. FAKE NEWS!
The Wall Street Journal stated falsely that I said to them “I have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un” (of N. Korea). Obviously I didn’t say that. I said “I’d have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un,” a big difference. Fortunately we now record conversations with reporters...
RT @paulsperry_: https://t.co/aU1rdyKA1W
RT @paulsperry_: Fusion GPS, firm behind disputed Russia dossier, retracts its claim of FBI mole in Trump camphttps://t.co/s6CFPXSVqb
RT @JackPosobiec: Dick Durbin called Trump racist for wanting to end chain migration. Here's a video of Dick Durbin calling for an end to...
RT @LouDobbs: The stock market has gained an incredible 7.8 Trillion dollars in market value since @POTUS was elected! Looks like 4% econom...
So much Fake News is being reported. They don’t even try to get it right, or correct it when they are wrong. They promote the Fake Book of a mentally deranged author, who knowingly writes false information. The Mainstream Media is crazed that WE won the election!
RT @KellyannePolls: Horowitz Report Reveals the Steele Dossier Was Always a Joke – Rolling Stone https://t.co/CKl3aKo64d
I don’t believe the Democrats really want to see a deal on DACA. They are all talk and no action. This is the time but, day by day, they are blowing the one great opportunity they have. Too bad!
Yesterday was another big day for jobs and the Stock Market. Chrysler coming back to U.S. (Michigan) from Mexico and many more companies paying out Tax Cut money to employees. If Dems won in November, Market would have TANKED! It was headed for disaster.
AMERICA FIRST!
The Democrats are all talk and no action. They are doing nothing to fix DACA. Great opportunity missed. Too bad!
Yesterday was a big day for the stock market. Jobs are coming back to America. Chrysler is coming back to the USA, from Mexico and many others will follow. Tax cut money to employees is pouring into our economy with many more companies announcing. American business is hot again!
Today, it was my great honor to proclaim January 15, 2018, as Martin Luther King Jr., Federal Holiday. I encourage all Americans to observe this day with appropriate civic, community, and service activities in honor of Dr. King's life and legacy. https://t.co/samlJsz1Nt
Never said anything derogatory about Haitians other than Haiti is, obviously, a very poor and troubled country. Never said “take them out.” Made up by Dems. I have a wonderful relationship with Haitians. Probably should record future meetings - unfortunately, no trust!
Sadly, Democrats want to stop paying our troops and government workers in order to give a sweetheart deal, not a fair deal, for DACA. Take care of our Military, and our Country, FIRST!
The language used by me at the DACA meeting was tough, but this was not the language used. What was really tough was the outlandish proposal made - a big setback for DACA!
....Because of the Democrats not being interested in life and safety, DACA has now taken a big step backwards. The Dems will threaten “shutdown,” but what they are really doing is shutting down our military, at a time we need it most. Get smart, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....countries which are doing badly. I want a merit based system of immigration and people who will help take our country to the next level. I want safety and security for our people. I want to stop the massive inflow of drugs. I want to fund our military, not do a Dem defund....
The so-called bipartisan DACA deal presented yesterday to myself and a group of Republican Senators and Congressmen was a big step backwards. Wall was not properly funded, Chain &amp, Lottery were made worse and USA would be forced to take large numbers of people from high crime.....
Reason I canceled my trip to London is that I am not a big fan of the Obama Administration having sold perhaps the best located and finest embassy in London for “peanuts,” only to build a new one in an off location for 1.2 billion dollars. Bad deal. Wanted me to cut ribbon-NO!
The Democrats seem intent on having people and drugs pour into our country from the Southern Border, risking thousands of lives in the process. It is my duty to protect the lives and safety of all Americans. We must build a Great Wall, think Merit and end Lottery &amp, Chain. USA!
Democrat Dianne Feinstein should never have released secret committee testimony to the public without authorization. Very disrespectful to committee members and possibly illegal. She blamed her poor decision on the fact she had a cold - a first!
Chrysler is moving a massive plant from Mexico to Michigan, reversing a years long opposite trend. Thank you Chrysler, a very wise decision. The voters in Michigan are very happy they voted for Trump/Pence. Plenty of more to follow!
More great news as a result of historical Tax Cuts and Reform: Fiat Chrysler announces plan to invest more than $1 BILLION in Michigan plant, relocating their heavy-truck production from Mexico to Michigan, adding 2,500 new jobs and paying $2,000 bonus to U.S. employees! https://t.co/47azKD0l9B
Small Business Poll has highest approval numbers in the polls history. All business is just at the beginning of something really special!
Thank you Adam Levine, The Federalist, in interview on @foxandfriends  “Donald Trump is the greatest President our Country has ever seen.”
Yesterday, I signed the #INTERDICTAct (H.R. 2142) with bipartisan members of Congress to help end the flow of drugs into our country. Together, we are committed to doing everything we can to combat the deadly scourge of drug addiction and overdose in the United States! https://t.co/ELZvFol5Lo
Great news, as a result of our TAX CUTS &amp, JOBS ACT! https://t.co/SLvhLxP3Jl
With that being said, I have personally directed the fix to the unmasking process since taking office and today’s vote is about foreign surveillance of foreign bad guys on foreign land. We need it! Get smart!
“45 year low in illegal immigration this year.” @foxandfriends
“House votes on controversial FISA ACT today.” This is the act that may have been used, with the help of the discredited and phony Dossier, to so badly surveil and abuse the Trump Campaign by the previous administration and others?
In new Quinnipiac Poll, 66% of people feel the economy is “Excellent or Good.” That is the highest number ever recorded by this poll.
RT @SJPFISH: Hey Pelosi , World Leaders are asking how they can mimic what Trump’s done with the Economy@9mmcassy@SJPFISH@EtheElephant1...
Disproven and paid for by Democrats “Dossier used to spy on Trump Campaign. Did FBI use Intel tool to influence the Election?” @foxandfriends  Did Dems or Clinton also pay Russians? Where are hidden and smashed DNC servers? Where are Crooked Hillary Emails?  What a mess!
Good news: Toyota and Mazda announce giant new Huntsville, Alabama, plant which will produce over 300,000 cars and SUV’s a year and employ 4000 people. Companies are coming back to the U.S. in a very big way. Congratulations Alabama!
Cutting taxes and simplifying regulations makes America the place to invest! Great news as Toyota and Mazda announce they are bringing 4,000 JOBS and investing $1.6 BILLION in Alabama, helping to further grow our economy! https://t.co/Kcg8IVH6iA
Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Erna Solberg of Norway to the @WhiteHouse - a great friend and ally of the United States! Joint press conference: https://t.co/qWR1BhfQZI https://t.co/PJvwznjRCO
I want to thank my @Cabinet for working tirelessly on behalf of our country. 2017 was a year of monumental achievement and we look forward to the year ahead. Together, we are delivering results and MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/ptXa1hAPwW https://t.co/yv6RALkQf3
The single greatest Witch Hunt in American history continues. There was no collusion, everybody including the Dems knows there was no collusion, &amp, yet on and on it goes. Russia &amp, the world is laughing at the stupidity they are witnessing. Republicans should finally take control!
The fact that Sneaky Dianne Feinstein, who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between Trump/Russia has not been found, would release testimony in such an underhanded and possibly illegal way, totally without authorization, is a disgrace. Must have tough Primary!
It just shows everyone how broken and unfair our Court System is when the opposing side in a case (such as DACA) always runs to the 9th Circuit and almost always wins before being reversed by higher courts.
.@ICEgov HSI agents and ERO officers, on behalf of an entire Nation, THANK YOU for what you are doing 24/7/365 to keep fellow American’s SAFE. Everyone is so grateful!#LawEnforcementAppreciationDayPresident @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/HXCpTlruVo
Thank you @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy! Couldn’t agree w/you more. TOGETHER, we are #MAGA🇺🇸 https://t.co/QaxtqpyXTR
As I made very clear today, our country needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border, which must be part of any DACA approval.
RT @Scavino45: “Utilities cutting rates, cite benefits of Trump tax reform” https://t.co/u19JMs4Bsr
Today, it was my great honor to sign a new Executive Order to ensure Veterans have the resources they need as they transition back to civilian life. We must ensure that our HEROES are given the care and support they so richly deserve! https://t.co/0MdP9DDIAS https://t.co/LP2a8KCBAp
Will be leaving Florida for Washington (D.C.) today at 4:00 P.M. Much work to be done, but it will be a great New Year!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @SJPFISH: Hey Pelosi Americans ❤️President Trump🇺🇸@9mmcassy@SJPFISH@Briteeye777@KI4FDW@Patti_Sc60@KAG1776MAGA@InBlondWeTrust@Gre...
Thanks to all of the Republican and Democratic lawmakers for today’s very productive meeting on immigration reform. There was strong agreement to negotiate a bill that deals with border security, chain migration, lottery and DACA. https://t.co/SdqAQ3aL3z https://t.co/8DYHZHspAy
How is the Paris Accord doing? Don’t ask!  @parisac https://t.co/9N0yibmDkj
The Anti-Bengahzi!
Crazy Nancy Pelosi should spend more time in her her decaying city and less time on the Impeachment Hoax! https://t.co/enoZZFxxmg
Iran killed an American contractor, wounding many. We strongly responded, and always will. Now Iran is orchestrating an attack on the U.S. Embassy in Iraq. They will be held fully responsible. In addition, we expect Iraq to use its forces to protect the Embassy, and so notified!
The Democrats will do anything to avoid a trial in the Senate in order to protect Sleepy Joe Biden, and expose the millions and millions of dollars that “Where’s” Hunter, &amp, possibly Joe, were paid by companies and countries for doing NOTHING. Joe wants no part of this mess!
Our prayers are with the families of the victims and the congregation of yesterday’s church attack. It was over in 6 seconds thanks to the brave parishioners who acted to protect 242 fellow worshippers. Lives were saved by these heroes, and Texas laws allowing them to carry arms!
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/Mn4EJ7Jbh8
RT @BreitbartNews: This Christmas, let the impeach-a-maniacs in your life know we're lauging AT them, not with them. https://t.co/tNN69dBOM...
He is Fake News, will always be Fredo to us. I should release some of his dishonest interviews? Coupled with bad ratings, he’d be out! https://t.co/eEk6pdSRnV
Thank you to highly respected Jewish leader Dov Hikind for his wonderful statements about me this morning on @foxandfriends.
The anti-Semitic attack in Monsey, New York, on the 7th night of Hanukkah last night is horrific. We must all come together to fight, confront, and eradicate the evil scourge of anti-Semitism. Melania and I wish the victims a quick and full recovery.
Crazy Nancy Pelosi should spend more time in her decaying city and less time on the Impeachment Hoax! https://t.co/enoZZFxxmg
Any answers Nancy? https://t.co/CBb9tlXiue
RT @realDonaldTrump: California and New York must do something about their TREMENDOUS Homeless problems. They are setting records! If their...
Tremendous Spirit! https://t.co/XLqr9vX1xO
RT @DanScavino: 👋#TrumpPence2020 #KAG🇺🇸 https://t.co/KyIwu22Rsn
Thank you Joe. So good for our workers! https://t.co/gbCqf88I6j
Thank you Juliet! https://t.co/61K4wTgTsp
RT @SJPFISH: AG Bill Barr- NYPD are not only NY’s finest, they're the Countries Finest@9mmcassy@SJPFISH@RacySicilian@MarianaHirmas@Ann...
RT @tweekerhateme: #328@tweekerhateme @My_Trigger11 @Mikemaga2020 @lpmitchellrtr@skeeter19592 @secretstranger9 @godfamilyjesus@Jame...
RT @DebPort03755076: https://t.co/ofbXp4lpDp
RT @Text88022: Hey Siri, who’s the President of the United States?Siri: @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/9RruI5SW1h
RT @nealshact: On the second anniversary of the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, our economic predictions have been vindicated, write...
Russia, Syria, and Iran are killing, or on their way to killing, thousands if inocent civilians in Idlib Province. Don’t do it! Turkey is working hard to stop this carnage.
"RT @Jon_Hartley_: ""Tax Reform Has Delivered for Workers"", write Gary Cohn and Kevin Hassett in the @WSJ https://t.co/t3txK81wha"
Academy Award winning actor (and great guy!) @jonvoight is fantastic in the role of Mickey Donovan in the big television hit, Ray Donovan. From Midnight Cowboy to Deliverance to The Champ (one of the best ever boxing movies), &amp, many others, Jon delivers BIG. Also, LOVES THE USA!
“Pelosi’s stall tactics expose the weakness of Democrat’s impeachment case.” @GreggJarrett @FoxNews
...&amp, overwhelming,” but this Scam Impeachment was neither. Also, very unfair with no Due Process, proper representation, or witnesses. Now Pelosi is demanding everything the Republicans weren’t allowed to have in the House. Dems want to run majority Republican Senate. Hypocrites!
....&amp, overwhelming,” but this Scam Impeachment was neither. Also, very unfair with no Due Process, proper representation, or witnesses. Now Pelosi is demanding everything the Republicans weren’t alowed to have in the House. Dems want to run majority Republican Senate. Hypocrites!
Why should Crazy Nancy Pelosi, just because she has a slight majority in the House, be allowed to Impeach the President of the United States? Got ZERO Republican votes, there was no crime, the call with Ukraine was perfect, with “no pressure.” She said it must be “bipartisan....
“The Dems are complicating matters again. Keeping Mueller out of it was the focus. Keeping it crisp &amp, simple was the key, and now all of a sudden they are saying maybe we’ll go back and visit the Mueller probe, which is absolutely unbelievable, and shows they don’t care about....
“The real victims here are the American people and the Constitution. The Constitution has been damaged by this ploy being used by Nancy Pelosi. This is a very bad time for the United States Constitution.”  @AlanDersh
What the Democrats are doing is “Obstruction of the Senate. It’s wrong Constitutionally, it’s wrong morally, and it’s wrong politically.” @AlanDersh  @seanhannity  @dbongino l agree, and so does the public!
"RT @HuckabeeOnTBN: What's the best gift to give your liberal friends?""Donald Builds the Wall"" by @EricMetaxas.Why? Watch to find out! 😅..."
STOCK MARKET CLOSES AT ALL-TIME HIGH! What a great time for the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats to Impeach your favorite President, especially since he has not done anything wrong!
NASDAQ UP 72.2% SINCE OUR GREAT 2016 ELECTION VICTORY! DOW UP 55.8%. The best is yet to come!
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: It’s time for @SpeakerPelosi, who claimed impeachment was a national imperative, to fish or cut bait.  Commit to sen...
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: If she refuses, Senate Republicans should take matters into our own hands.  We are in charge of the Senate — not Pelos...
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: This Constitutional outrage by @SpeakerPelosi needs to end.  She is trying to run the Senate and deny President @rea...
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: @SpeakerPelosi @realDonaldTrump If this continues into 2020, the Senate needs to strike back, standing up for our righ...
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: @SpeakerPelosi @realDonaldTrump Stop playing games with the Constitution.In our system, you can’t be the Speaker of...
I agree 100%! https://t.co/lFUfnLefxT
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: This is a giant step forward &amp, great news for the Port of Charleston.  I’m incredibly appreciative of President @reald...
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: After the House vote, Democrats are having BUYER's REMORSE about impeachment and don't know what to do.  They know t...
Wouldn’t it be reasonable to assume that Republicans in the Senate should handle the Impeachment Hoax in the exact same manner as Democrats in the House handled their recent partisan scam? Why would it be different for Republicans than it was for the Radical Left Democrats?
RT @ericbolling: PER THE CONSTITUTION:The time for “discovery” passed. The Senate now tries the case as they wish.Senate democrats and m...
RT @GOPChairwoman: .@realDonaldTrump’s policies are working: 7.2M jobs created.  500K manufacturing jobs created. Unemployment at a 5...
RT @marcorubio: This was a very good move by @POTUS⁩ to end threat of tariffs on #Brazil. They are a very important partner &amp, a friendly...
RT @SarahPalinUSA: “This is—and has always been—a case about media accountability.  We are pleased with the Court’s decision, and we look f...
....What right does Crazy Nancy have to hold up this Senate trial. None! She has a bad case and would rather not have a negative decision. This Witch Hunt must end NOW with a trial in the Senate, or let her default &amp, lose. No more time should be wasted on this Impeachment Scam!
Nancy Pelosi, who has already lost the House &amp, Speakership once, &amp, is about to lose it again, is doing everything she can to delay the zero Republican vote Articles of Impeachment. She is trying to take over the Senate, &amp, Cryin’ Chuck is trying to take over the trial. No way!....
....What right does Crazy Nancy have to hold up this Senate trial. None! She has a bad case and would rather not have a negative decision. This Witch Hunt must end NOW with a trial in the Senate, or let her default &amp, lose. No more time should be wasted on this Impeachment Scam!
Nancy Pelosi, who has already lost the House &amp, Speakership once, &amp, is about to lose it again, is doing everything she can to delay the zero Republican vote Articles of Inpeachment. She is trying to take over the Senate, &amp, Cryin’ Chuck is trying to take over the trial. No way!....
RT @clemmonsmaga: #RT @realDonaldTrump: RT @herc4evr: Camarotta @cnn got DESTROYED BY Mr. KEVIN HASSETT when she tried to bash the Presiden...
RT @herc4evr: Camarotta @cnn got DESTROYED BY Mr. KEVIN HASSETT when she tried to bash the President as her normal m.o. is..  He is awesome...
RT @dbongino: ‘This IS the Scandal’: Dan Bongino Explains How John Brennan’s Office Became Ground Zero in the Russian Collusion Scandal 👇🏻...
Pelosi gives us the most unfair trial in the history of the U.S. Congress, and now she is crying for fairness in the Senate, and breaking all rules while doing so. She lost Congress once, she will do it again!
RT @AndyPuzder: It’s all but impossible to look at this chart and conclude anything other than that ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ‘s tax cuts have une...
RT @Reuters: China will lower import tariffs on over 850 products from January 1 https://t.co/rOyxOnY9QF https://t.co/8xmiyGmiW6
"RT @SkyNewsBreak: U.S. president Donald Trump says a ""breakthrough"" has been achieved in trade talks with China and he expects a deal to be..."
RT @economics: BREAKING: China says it will cut import tariffs for goods including frozen pork, pharmaceuticals, paper products and some hi...
RT @GOPLeader: The FBI broke into President Trump’s campaign, spied on him, then tried to cover it up.This is a modern-day Watergate. htt...
RT @JudgeJeanine: .@RepMattGaetz of the House Judiciary Committee joined me to discuss the endless barrage of nonsense from the Democrats -...
The Democrats and Crooked Hillary paid for &amp, provided a Fake Dossier, with phony information gotten from foreign sources, pushed it to the corrupt media &amp, Dirty Cops, &amp, have now been caught. They spied on my campaign, then tried to cover it up - Just Like Watergate, but bigger!
Melania and I send our warmest wishes to Jewish people in the United States, Israel, and across the world as you commence the 8-day celebration of Hanukkah. https://t.co/WgQyO9qxSs
Crazy Nancy wants to dictate terms on the Impeachment Hoax to the Republican Majority Senate, but striped away all Due Process, no lawyers or witnesses, on the Democrat Majority House. The Dems just wish it would all end. Their case is dead, their poll numbers are horrendous!
https://t.co/ryVvzb6EGt
https://t.co/rJ4yo4htsy
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump at the Student Action Summit https://t.co/2TvXWgfbNR
https://t.co/h5bAKuoyV2
Last night I was so proud to have signed the largest Defense Bill ever. The very vital Space Force was created. New planes, ships, missiles, rockets and equipment of every kind, and all made right here in the USA. Additionally, we got Border Wall (being built) funding. Nice!
https://t.co/aVE8FY0eP0 https://t.co/5iTkl6q9oQ
The great Democrat disgrace. But we are winning! https://t.co/45mtfzKbA2
RT @RandPaul: “In the advocacy culture of our new media, ex-government officials such as Brennan, Clapper and McCabe can be paid to appear...
Plus, never did anything wrong. Read the Transcripts. A Democrat Hoax! https://t.co/7ou3jJg1m5
Broke all time Stock Market Record again today. 135 times since my 2016 Election Win. Thank you!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Nancy Pelosi is looking for a Quid Pro Quo with the Senate. Why aren’t we Impeaching her?
RT @realDonaldTrump: We are getting MS-13 gang members, and many other people that shouldn’t be here, out of our Country! https://t.co/Cfk4...
Thank you Franklin! https://t.co/ULMS2tl0zy
RT @Scavino45: https://t.co/5qy3ALEFaG
https://t.co/5Oa0iU92vI
BIG thank you to Mac Thornberry (@MacTXPress) for a GREAT Defense Deal! Mac has been a champion for our Military and Vets his whole career, and now he can add Space Force to his accomplishments. Look forward to another great defense bill next year, Mac! @HASCRepublicans
Proud of @JimInhofe’s tenacious Oklahoma spirit that got the NDAA done. Maybe the best yet because it takes care of troops &amp, establishes SPACE FORCE, which is 1st new branch since 1947 (Air Force). Another huge win for Jim’s legacy. To many more! @SASCMajority https://t.co/w0EiubrriG
My Administration pushed to include a big expansion to Veteran telehealth in the spending bill so that the brave men and women who served our Country get the care they need. #RuralProsperity
Honored to finally put an end to the “Widow’s Tax” and ensure that our surviving military spouses receive their full benefits. The spouses and families of our fallen heroes have suffered enough and WE must do everything in our power to ease the burden.
We will always provide for our Veterans and their mental health. I pushed Congress to provide $10 Billion for Vet mental health, suicide prevention outreach, and funding for my PREVENTS Initiative to end Vet suicide. Congress responded. A big win for our Vets!
A total Witch Hunt! https://t.co/PEe35rewE9
Last year I signed legislation that gives our Veterans CHOICE, through private providers, and at urgent care facilities! Today we fully funded this $10 billion a year effort that gets our brave Veterans care quickly, and close to home.
“It’s time to put House Democrats on trial.”  @IngrahamAngle
To Our Incredible Federal Workforce: https://t.co/zIyXW834H5
To The Extraordinary Men and Women of the United States Military: https://t.co/luDyPVKgfY
I will be signing our 738 Billion Dollar Defense Spending Bill today. It will include 12 weeks  Paid Parental Leave, gives our troops a raise, importantly creates the SPACE FORCE, SOUTHERN BORDER WALL FUNDING, repeals “Cadillac Tax” on Health Plans, raises smocking age to 21! BIG
RT @Jim_Jordan: Yesterday the Democrats impeached our President.Today they passed a bill to raise your taxes.Maybe next year they’ll tr...
RT @Jim_Jordan: Dems called it an emergency. They had to rush the impeachment through Congress.Now AFTER a sham impeachment process, they...
Thank you Bill. So true! https://t.co/BaMNE4TXdU
#MAGA https://t.co/VN3A1v5yUk
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: COMING UP: I’ll be joining @jasoninthehouse on #HANNITY, alongside @Jim_Jordan, to discuss the Democrats’ vindictive ef...
RT @DanScavino: 🚨HAPPENING NOW #DemDebate #Trump2020Landslide #KAG https://t.co/5GaS0QVW12
“What’s been revealed is a Country in better shape than it’s been in decades. Working men and women in the Country are the beneficiaries of a President who’s doing exactly what he said he was going to do, that is to restore prosperity for all Americans.” @LouDobbs  Thank you Lou!
“This is political malpractice. This is a horrible judgement call on the part of the Speaker. You put your members in Trump friendly districts in a very difficult spot. It’s only going to extend it out further. This looks like the joke that it actually is.” Ben Domenech
RT @BlazeTV: Democrat Rep. Jeff Van Drew tells President @realDonaldTrump what made him leave his own party, quotes Ronald Reagan.“I didn...
RT @mchalfant16: In one of the more interesting Oval Office meetings we've seen, President Trump announced the party switch of Jeff Van Dre...
RT @RepSmucker: I voted NO on both articles of impeachment. Tomorrow, @realDonaldTrump will still be President, and when we ring in the 2...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Today will be remembered as the day your House Democrat majority voted to impeach President @realDonaldTrump for a crim...
RT @RepMattGaetz: The American people aren’t fooled by the Democrats’ dirty tricks. Americans will NEVER forget that Democrats have been...
RT @Incarcerated_ET: Trump has not been impeached. The house can’t impeach. They can only vote for impeachment. Then the senate trial....
RT @Jim_Jordan: Democrats forgot two key things: facts and fairness. https://t.co/Tyq4izUAeX
RT @RepDougCollins: This #ShamImpeachment has brought dishonor upon the House. Speaker Pelosi said impeachment had to be “compelling and...
RT @SteveScalise: 🚨 The only BIPARTISAN vote today was AGAINST—not for—impeachment.Every single Republican &amp, some Dems voted against this...
I got Impeached last might without one Republican vote being cast with the Do Nothing Dems on their continuation of the greatest Witch Hunt in American history. Now the Do Nothing Party want to Do Nothing with the Articles &amp, not deliver them to the Senate, but it’s Senate’s call!
RT @GOPLeader: 🚨 BREAKING 🚨 Democrats just signed their own pink slips by voting to undo the results of the 2016 election and impeach the d...
RT @RepLeeZeldin: 🚨 BREAKING NEWS!!!Donald Trump is still your President. 🇺🇸👍💪
RT @RepRatcliffe: If there was ever a time to vote hell no, this was it. https://t.co/pzRPJSEZvq
https://t.co/DutxclyZw9
THANK YOU! #KAG https://t.co/CltmJQdm1t
SUCH ATROCIOUS LIES BY THE RADICAL LEFT, DO NOTHING DEMOCRATS. THIS IS AN ASSAULT ON AMERICA, AND AN ASSAULT ON THE REPUBLICAN PARTY!!!!
Great deal for USA! https://t.co/9ViVwNYbSL
RT @RandPaul: We have seen sham hearings, selected witnesses, and Dems who have contorted the facts to fit a fictional narrative. Shameful...
RT @SenTedCruz: Tonight House Dems concluded their partisan show trial, voting to impeach a president for the 1st time in US history withou...
RT @SenBillCassidy: I will be a juror and will take this process seriously, but this impeachment is motivated by Democrats’ hatred of Donal...
RT @HawleyMO: Is this a joke? Democrats impeach the President without alleging a single crime, with a bipartisan coalition voting AGAINST,...
RT @SenRickScott: The House Democrats just spent a month confirming that @realDonaldTrump did nothing wrong and that this impeachment circu...
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/WzLB5s41m3
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/ruQBK6gNLL
RT @RudyGiuliani: Budapest | Kiev | ViennaAfter hundreds of hours &amp, months of research, I have garnered witnesses &amp, documents which revea...
RT @zeusFanHouse: #FirstLady #Melania Trump was an angel in the #WhiteHouse as she&amp,Pres #Trump welcomed guests 2 one of their many #Christm...
RT @JackPosobiec: Raise your hand if you agree Trump was right about James Comey
Thank you Devin. Great reflexes! https://t.co/46jb64LalD
RT @TheTrumpPage1: &gt,&gt,&gt,&gt,Don't miss President Trump’s #KAG Rally, Wednesday, December 18, in Battle Creek, Michigan! #TRUMP2020💥Wednesday,...
RT @GaryCoby: Democrat’s Position:Politicians running for office can not be investigated for corruption (nor their family).1. Sounds li...
RT @RepMattGaetz: This is an impeachment with no crime and with no direct evidence.Why are @RepAdamSchiff, @RepJerryNadler, and @SpeakerP...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: I find it amazing for Chairman Schiff to claim he didn’t know of FISA abuse evidence. The whole Nunes memo laid it out....
RT @real_defender: @realDonaldTrump Republicans stand united behind president Trump. They know he has kept his promises.
RT @LindaSuhler: @realDonaldTrump @MariaBartiromo @DevinNunes Fake News Media will never apologize but they (and Schiff) are exposed as the...
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: So great to see someone willing to put party politics aside and call balls and strikes when they see them. https://t.co...
RT @RepLeeZeldin: .@CongressmanJVD has seen the forest through the trees throughout this ridiculous impeachment sham. 💪🇺🇸 https://t.co/DKNK...
RT @PressSec: “Let us hope that fairness will prevail” a laughable quote from @SenSchumer this AM....after the dems release an “impeachment...
RT @ChatByCC: Strong people stand up for themselves—but stronger people stand up for others.Thank you President @realDonaldTrump for stan...
Thank you CC! https://t.co/qfagL6s78G
....to me, and there are many options, including doing them directly &amp, avoiding the nasty politics of this very biased Commission. I will make a decision at an appropriate time but in the meantime, the Commission on Presidential Debates is NOT authorized to speak for me (or R’s)!
....The problem is that the so-called Commission on Presidential Debates is stacked with Trump Haters &amp, Never Trumpers. 3 years ago they were forced to publicly apologize for modulating my microphone in the first debate against Crooked Hillary. As President, the debates are up...
I look very much forward to debating whoever the lucky person is who stumbles across the finish line in the little watched Do Nothing Democrat Debates. My record is so good on the Economy and all else, including debating, that perhaps I would consider more than 3 debates.....
RT @realDonaldTrump: Approval Rating in Republican Party = 95%, a Record! Overall Approval Rating = 51%. Think of where I’d be without the...
READ THE TRANSCRIPTS! The Impeachment Hoax is the greatest con job in the history of American politics! The Fake News Media, and their partner, the Democrat Party, are working overtime to make life for the United Republican Party, and all it stands for, as difficult as possible!
"RT @GOPChairwoman: .@KellyannePolls is spot on:""This is one of the most successful weeks of the @realDonaldTrump presidency.""✅ USMCA✅..."
RT @GOPChairwoman: From Day 1, Schiff and Nadler have ignored the truth in order to smear @realDonaldTrump. Their partisan impeachment sh...
RT @DanScavino: Alright, let’s see some MEME’s for social media! Ya never know, one could end up on @realDonaldTrump’s Twitter, Facebook, o...
RT @SNFonNBC: Master Gunnery Sergeant Timothy P. Mecca was awarded a Purple Heart at today's #SNF game and received 2 tickets to the Super...
“The American people see through it.” https://t.co/1WTujQY7e6
RT @DanScavino: Awesome seeing a great friend and the future Governor of Arkansas, @SarahHuckabee Sanders, at the White House this past wee...
https://t.co/sDhHMivMPt
....impeaching him. They hate the fact, above all, that this president is delivering. Substantial policy results for the working Americans who put him in the White House, and they can’t beat him in a fair fight next year.” @NextRevFNC  @SteveHiltonx  Thank you Steve!
....energy independence, manufacturing resilience, illegal immigration coming down, the Wall going up, China confronted, the caliphate defeated, NAFTA renegotiated, our military rebuilt, NATO paying more, regulations costing less,.......and much more. This is why they’re....
....of the most successful presidencies in history. Just in the last few days, incredible jobs numbers, giant trade deals, help for working families, and much more. Over the last 3 years, unemployment falling, earnings rising, criminal justice reform, the heartland revived,....
“Here in America it will be the same victory as BREXIT, but even more so. In the U.S., while all of this has been going on, the Impeachment, the obstruction, the resistance, President Trump has managed to deliver not just promises, but a record which adds up to one.....
RT @cjtruth: POLL: Trump Gets 7-Point Swing After Impeachment Inquiry, Dominates With Independents https://t.co/jeiue6uCRp
....of the most successful presidencies in history. Just in the last few days, incredible jobs numbers, giant trade deals, help for working families, and much more. Over the last 3 years, unemployment falling, earnings rising, criminal justice reform, the heartland revived,....
....impeaching him. They hate the fact, above all, that this president is delivering. Substantial policy results for the working Americans who put him in the White House, and they can’t beat him in a fair fight next year.” @NextRevFNC  @SteveHiltonx  Thank you Steve!
....energy independence, manufacturing resilience, illegal immigration coming down, the Wall going up, China confronted, the caliphate defeated, NAFTA renegotiated, our militsry rebuilt, NATO paying more, regulations costing less,.......and much more. This is why they’re....
“Here in America it will be the same victory as BREXIT, but even more so. In the U.S., while all of this has been going on, the Impeachment, the obstruction, the resistance, President Trump has managed to deliver not just promises, but a record which adds up to one.....
Watch these two great people talk about the Impeachment Hoax. Will be by far the best hour on television! https://t.co/O8VmH3ipkw
Congressional Do Nothing Democrats are being absolutely decimated in their districts on the subject of the Impeachment Hoax. People that voted for them are literally screaming in their faces. Crazy Nancy is finding defending Shifty Schiff harder than she thought! #2020Election
Because Nancy’s teeth were falling out of her mouth, and she didn’t have time to think! https://t.co/rx3pcyofip
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Democrats are right when they say today is a sad day. But not for the reason they think.It's sad because today is ano...
Fake News! https://t.co/NWaeaG1exu
RT @replouiegohmert: “This is really a sad day -- a big show ... America needs to hear from the witnesses, and, we didn't get to hear from th...
RT @replouiegohmert: “I’ve never seen something like this – using the Congressional system to try to destroy people that have committed no...
.@seanhannity, who will be interviewed on @marklevinshow tonight at 8:00 P.M., @foxnews, stated about the Impeachment Hoax, “This is outrages lying, corruption and propaganda. Should never be allowed to happen.”
Approval Rating in Republican Party = 95%, a Record! Overall Approval Rating = 51%. Think of where I’d be without the never ending, 24 hour a day, phony Witch Hunt, that started 3 years ago!
The @foxnewPolls, always inaccurate, are heavily weighted toward Dems. So ridiculous - same thing happened in 2016. They got it all wrong. Get a new pollster!
“The President did nothing wrong here. There is no crime.” @charliekirk11  Impeachment Hoax!
“There is no bribery, or any crime at all, alleged in the Articles of Impeachment. This is a first in the history of our Country.” @JudgeJeanine @RepMikeJohnson
So now Comey’s admitting he was wrong. Wow, but he’s only doing so because he got caught red handed. He was actually caught a long time ago. So what are the consequences for his unlawful conduct. Could it be years in jail? Where are the apologies to me and others, Jim?
A PERFECT phone call. “Can you do us (not me. Us is referring to our Country) a favor.” Then go on to talk about “Country” and “U.S. Attorney General.” The Impeachment Hoax is just a continuation of the Witch Hunt which has been going on for 3 years. We will win!  #MAGAKAG #2020
As bad as the I.G. Report is for the FBI and others, and it is really bad, remember that I.G. Horowitz was appointed by Obama. There was tremendous bias and guilt exposed, so obvious, but Horowitz couldn’t get himself to say it. Big credibility loss. Obama knew everything!
RT @KimStrassel: For an in-depth explanation of the abuses now detailed in the IG report (and so many other abuses), pick up my new bestsel...
Far from it! https://t.co/kXyaC1LDwV
RT @brithume: Thread illustrating well the denial and dishonesty on the left. Some on the left are still claiming the FBI FISA goings on we...
"RT @KimStrassel: Let's hope upcoming #FoxNews interview w/ @comey proceeds from reality that he was: fired for cause, found guilty of ""insu..."
RT @KimStrassel: And I should say it is only because of @AndrewCMcCarthy deep knowledge and analysis that we understand it all! https://t.c...
RT @DavidBrodyCBN: This impeachment vote reminds me of when Democrats went nuclear by lowering the threshold to confirm federal judges in 2...
Crooked Hillary caught again. She is a total train wreck! https://t.co/iqtuwzbaIV
Schiff’s correcting the record memo has turned out to be totally wrong (based on the I.G. Report)! A very big lie. @MariaBartiromo And @DevinNunes has turned out to be completely right. Congratulations to Devin. The Fake News Media should apologize to all!
Wow, that would be big. Always heard Jeff is very smart! https://t.co/7yDPU4N3wd
Thank you for your honesty Jeff. All of the Democrats know you are right, but unlike you, they don’t have the “guts” to say so! https://t.co/OUc46HUwPq
I will see Navy at the White House to present the Commander-in-Chief’s Trophy! https://t.co/V3oAZjWqEo
Incredible young, strong and brilliant people. Army/Navy! https://t.co/I4F8xIxorA
Congratulations to Tiger and the entire U.S. Team on a great comeback and tremendous WIN. True Champions! https://t.co/wyjBAgoF7J
It was my Great Honor to attend the 120th Army-Navy game today in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania! @NavyFB @ArmyWP_Football @ArmyNavyGame https://t.co/HipWiZKmiP
Both Commiecast MSNBC &amp, Fake News CNN are watching their Ratings TANK.  Fredo on CNN is dying. Don’t know why @FoxNews wants to be more like them? They’ll all die together as other outlets take their place. Only pro Trump Fox shows do well. Rest are nothing. How’s Shep doing?
Hard to believe that @FoxNews will be interviewing sleazebag &amp, totally discredited former FBI Director James Comey, &amp, also corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff. Fox is trying sooo hard to be politically correct, and yet they were totally shut out from the failed Dem debates!
Congratulations @NavyFB! https://t.co/eoDccVFzJS
The last time I spoke to Debbie Dingell was her call thanking me for granting top memorial and funeral service honors for her then just departed husband, long time Congressman John Dingell. Now I watch her ripping me as part of the Democrats Impeachment Hoax. Really pathetic!
Chuck Schumer sat for years during the Obama Administration and watched as China ripped off the United States. He &amp, the Do Nothing Democrats did NOTHING as this $ carnage took place. Now, without even seeing it, he snipes at our GREAT new deal with China. Too bad Cryin’ Chuck!
On my way to the #ArmyNavyGame in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania! https://t.co/tWnDNRFyO1
https://t.co/Z0VHUlAwMD
https://t.co/97NvLGxMuj
RT @ainsleyearhardt: “The Characters of Christmas” is available on @foxnation today! I hope you watch. Thank you for your support, I’m so g...
RT @WSJopinion: The newly signed USMCA is a sweet relief to farmers in rural districts like mine, writes @RepTedBudd https://t.co/oZ5nUvUgHY
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Enough! These Democrats in Trump districts said they were with @realDonaldTrump. They lied! - Now now its time to hear...
....trampled on our Constitution, and they have done irreparable harm to our Republic. The American people are going to speak up and speak out about this. I think this guarantees Trump’s re-election in 2020.” @Jason_Meister
....absolutely no pressure. I don’t know of any crime that was committed where the actual victim wasn’t aware of it....and, they got the call, they got the meeting, and they got the money. Unbelievably, the Democrats have weaponized the Impeachment process, they have....
“There are 31 House Democrats in Trump won Congressional Districts. Those Dems will have to answer to their constituents come 2020. If you look at the facts, there’s no crime, there’s no witness, there’s no evidence, there’s no victim, President Zelensky said there was....
“Independent voters are fed up and frustrated with the Democrats.” Congressman Michael Waltz, Florida
....trampled on our Constitution, and they have done irreparable harm to our Republic. The American people are going to speak up and speak out about this. I think this guarantees Trump’s re-election in 2020.” Jason Meister
“There are 31 House Democrats in Trump won Congressional Districts. Those Dems will have to answer to their constituents come 2020. If you look at the facts, there’s no crime, there’s no witness, there’s no evidence, there’s no victim, President Zelensky said there was.......
....absolutely no pressure. I don’t know of any crime that was committed where the actual victim wasn’t aware of it....and, they got the call, they got the meeting, and they got the money. Unbelievably, the Democrats have weaponized the Impeachment process, they have...
RT @WSJopinion: The Horowitz report reveals the Democrat’s many distortions, writes The Editorial Board https://t.co/Iv9LdXBqTu
RT @WSJopinion: Justice Department IG Michael Horowitz compiled a factually damning report that even a thickheaded and biased press will ha...
RT @WSJopinion: Christopher Steele has little credibility left after the inspector general’s report, writes @KimStrasselhttps://t.co/z0y9w...
After watching the disgraceful way that a wonderful man, @BrettKavanaugh, was treated by the Democrats, and now seeing first hand how these same Radical Left, Do Nothing Dems are treating the whole Impeachment Hoax, I understand why so many Dems are voting Republican!
25 Million Evangelical Christians are not registered to vote. We are working hard to get them registered! @robertjeffress @LouDobbs
“The FBI declares in a court filing that it has absolutely no records of disciplinary action against any lawyers in Russia Fisa Case despite 17 acts of misconduct. There is nothing noble about their leadership. FISA Court appears to be either corrupt or incompetent.” @LouDobbs
RT @TeamTrump: Democrats once said there should “NEVER” be a totally partisan impeachment. But that’s exactly what they are doing right n...
RT @TeamTrump: The Democrat Party can't accept the fact that in the U.S., we have what's called a 'peaceful transition of power.'They nev...
RT @Jim_Jordan: Horowitz confirms Dossier was false, but the FBI misled the FISA court 17 times to get a warrant to spy on an American citi...
RT @TeamTrump: No president has accomplished more than President @realDonaldTrump has.Democrats only want to remove him from office becau...
It’s not fair that I’m being Impeached when I’ve done absolutely nothing wrong! The Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats have become the Party of Hate. They are so bad for our Country!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! #Guard383 https://t.co/iMnczcCHgN
“This whole process has been rigged from the start.”  @RepDLesko
.....The Penalty Tariffs set for December 15th will not be charged because of the fact that we made the deal. We will begin negotiations on the Phase Two Deal immediately, rather than waiting until after the 2020 Election. This is an amazing deal for all. Thank you!
We have agreed to a very large Phase One Deal with China. They have agreed to many structural changes and massive purchases of Agricultural Product, Energy, and Manufactured Goods, plus much more. The 25% Tariffs will remain as is, with 7 1/2% put on much of the remainder....
RT @ByronYork: Disgraced in US, the Fusion GPS team tries to sell the product in Britain. https://t.co/dRDI4MDcDv
The Wall Street Journal story on the China Deal is completely wrong, especially their statement on Tariffs. Fake News. They should find a better leaker!
Record Stock Market &amp, Jobs!
How do you get Impeached when you have done NOTHING wrong (a perfect call), have created the best economy in the history of our Country, rebuilt our Military, fixed the V.A. (Choice!), cut Taxes &amp, Regs, protected your 2nd A, created Jobs, Jobs, Jobs, and soooo much more? Crazy!
Congratulations to @foxandfriends on being named, BY FAR, the Number One Rated cable news show. CNN and MSNBC have totally tanked, their ratings are terrible. They have zero credibility!
“All of our presidents would be impeached under this Rogue House of Democrat Leadership.” @marklevinshow
The Republican Party is more united now than at any time in its history - by far!
The Do Nothing Democrats have become the Party of lies and deception! The Republicans are the Party of the American Dream!
Dirty cops! https://t.co/CVC1awEjZE
Amazing! https://t.co/powyhHM50y
RT @Jim_Jordan: The U.S. government’s powerful tools designed and authorized for international intelligence gathering were deployed to moni...
Very dishonest pols! https://t.co/N12Q4RcHuH
RT @realDonaldTrump: Read the Transcripts! “us” is a reference to USA, not me!
True! https://t.co/CVC1awEjZE
RT @PressSec: Hardworking Americans know this sham is simply the dems weaponizing impeachment to try &amp, undermine @realDonaldTrump, who has...
Congratulations to JUDGE LAWRENCE VANDYKE on being confirmed to the Ninth Circuit. Great job!
RT @IvankaTrump: Since the election, women have gained +4 Million jobs, 58.3% of all new jobs created! 👏
Very sad! https://t.co/N12Q4RcHuH
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: .@RepMattGaetz shows how partisan the Democrats' lead investigator, Mr. Goldman, is a partisan hack.There is NOTHING...
"RT @townhallcom: . @RepMattGaetz goes off on Daniel Goldman: ""We want Schiff in that chair not you...the person that wrote the report is th..."
"RT @RepMattGaetz: MUST-READ: ""Gaetz Torches Democrats’ Impeachment Lawyer After He Says He’s Not Partisan"" #ImpeachmentHearingshttps://t..."
Iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on them in order to meet. I said, of course, NO!
RT @RepMattGaetz: The Democrat attacks on the President fall into one of three categories: 1. Hearsay2. Conjecture3. Substantive policy...
"RT @dcexaminer: .@RepMattGaetz ripped the House majority's impeachment counsel Daniel Goldman for donating ""tens of thousands of dollars"" t..."
RT @RepMattGaetz: No one has done more to limit Russia’s ability to engage in mischief than President @realDonaldTrump. https://t.co/gk5f7r...
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: It was bring your donors to work at Democrat headquarters yesterday. https://t.co/rKz3uy2GL7
RT @RepMattGaetz: There are a lot of moderate Dems who recognize what a political loser impeachment is.They're encouraging their leadersh...
"RT @RepMattGaetz: ""This is about one basic fact: the Democrats have never accepted the will of the American people."" -@Jim_Jordan #impeachm..."
RT @RepMattGaetz: This is the fastest, weakest, thinnest, MOST PARTISAN impeachment in American presidential history. #impeachmentDebate
RT @RepMattGaetz: Impeachment has become reflexive for Dems. It’s what they’ve wanted all along.Impeachment is their passion, their drug,...
RT @DailyCaller: .@RepMattGaetz:“So now with no crime, with no victim, House Democrats impeach because they have no agenda for America......
RT @RepMattGaetz: How dare Dems accuse @POTUS of abusing his power when THEY have released phone records of journalists and congressmen, co...
I will be there in two weeks, The Southern White House! https://t.co/2djJrzAEfZ
RT @SarahHuckabee: A testimony to the excellent USMCA deal President @realDonaldTrump, @USTradeRep Robert Lighthizer, and Jared Kushner neg...
What a great evening! https://t.co/1hNqDdVayL
RT @JesseBWatters: When you open up an investigation into an opposing campaign, as the FBI, based on foreign rumors, that is a very thin pr...
RT @IvankaTrump: TODAY: U.S. negotiators join Mexico and Canada in signing USMCA in Mexico City making history and paving the way for massi...
RT @Jim_Jordan: They did it again.This afternoon at 4:45, Democrats said Republicans must submit amendments to their ridiculous impeachme...
RT @WhiteHouse: In addition to his pro-growth agenda—tax cuts, trade reform, and deregulation—President @realDonaldTrump is working hard to...
Thank you! https://t.co/JxbhOpL4Zo
RT @EricTrump: Pennsylvania!!!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https://t.co/0pFvrEIbyz
A fantastic night in Pennsylvania! https://t.co/GZfQGbTIOl
RT @realDonaldTrump: After years of rebuilding OTHER NATIONS, we are finally rebuilding OUR NATION. In everything we do, we are putting AME...
RT @SenAlexander: Thank you, @IvankaTrump, for your and the entire @realDonaldTrump Administration’s support of the #FUTUREAct. https://t.c...
RT @KellyannePolls: “Mystique of Christopher Steele has gone poof, along with the reputations of many pundits. FBI saw he was being paid to...
RT @KellyannePolls: “Specifically, the FBI was a leakfest. Andy McCabe lost his job &amp, part of his pension for lying about leaks. Jim Comey...
RT @realDonaldTrump: They were just upset that I demanded they pay their fair share for NATO. Their countries are delinquent. I raised $530...
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Zero evidence that any law was broken. They’re not even alleging that a law was broken. This is an abuse of the Const...
So ridiculous. Greta must work on her Anger Management problem, then go to a good old fashioned movie with a friend! Chill Greta, Chill! https://t.co/M8ZtS8okzE
RT @realDonaldTrump: Wow! All of our priorities have made it into the final NDAA: Pay Raise for our Troops, Rebuilding our Military, Paid P...
RT @Jim_Jordan: Comey and others claim Horowitz report “vindicated” them.Horowitz today: “The activities we found here don’t vindicate an...
RT @realDonaldTrump: The News Media in our Country is FAKE and in many cases, totally CORRUPT! https://t.co/hj9plf0GMC
RT @realDonaldTrump: They will never do it! https://t.co/5vlnzRg6GN
RT @realDonaldTrump: They spied on my campaign! https://t.co/sOotkhk5fw
RT @freedomcaucus: Want an inside look at impeachment? Watch as former @freedomcaucus Chairman Mark Meadows details the content, process,...
RT @Jim_Jordan: We’ve repeatedly requested a House hearing with Inspector General Horowitz on his FISA report.After what we learned in hi...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Great Rally in Pennsylvania last night. Congressman Lloyd Smucker (PA-11) was there and I informed him that he has my...
RT @WhiteHouse: Decades ago, @realDonaldTrump identified what was wrong with NAFTA—and later ran for President on a promise to replace it....
RT @Jim_Jordan: They're never going to stop! https://t.co/zZymYQBGak
RT @RepDougCollins: .@RepMikeJohnson: It’s rather shocking that Democrats built their impeachment articles on mere hearsay, speculation, an...
No crime! https://t.co/8BF9BOEraE
RT @JudiciaryGOP: .@RepMattGaetz: “This is the quickest, thinnest, weakest, most partisan impeachment in all of American presidential histo...
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: “Do we have Abuse of Power? Yes, Adam Schiff.Do we have Obstruction of Congress? Yes, House Democrats.This is a pol...
"RT @RepMarkMeadows: .@Tedcruz making a critical point more in the media should note.These ""17 FBI errors"" the IG cites are not typos or l..."
RT @RepSteveChabot: To satisfy their base’s extreme hatred of President Trump, House Democrats have taken a blowtorch to House rules, the r...
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: Democrats in Congress - NOT @POTUS @realDonaldTrump - have committed the high crimes and misdemeanors of Abuse and Powe...
RT @RepDougCollins: The American public can see the Democrats are on a 3-year vendetta to get the president they couldn’t beat, and they’re...
RT @SteveScalise: WATCH → @Jim_Jordan destroys the Dems' impeachment sham.It comes down to this:Dems never accepted the results of the...
RT @RepRatcliffe: Unfortunately, we were right. https://t.co/flAMzXY3JS
RT @RepDLesko: This is the most corrupt, rigged railroad job I have ever seen in my entire life.
RT @WhiteHouse: Sen. Ted Cruz: “A lawyer at the FBI creates fraudulent evidence, alters an email that is in turn used as the basis for a sw...
It’s great to have a wonderful subject, President Trump. Fake News like CNN &amp, MSNBC are dying. If they treated me fairly, they would do well. Have Zero credibility! https://t.co/Yt8N8Dgsco
“New Polls Say Most Americans Oppose Impeachment.” @foxandfriends  I did nothing wrong. This will be the first Impeachment ever where there was no crime. They don’t even allege a crime. Crazy!
RT @LaraLeaTrump: Fighting for all Americans, and animals too! @realDonaldTrump 🇺🇸🐶🐱 https://t.co/yxIV5AAG8k
RT @Jim_Jordan: The IG report makes one thing clear:@RepDevinNunes’ memo was spot on. @RepAdamSchiff’s was anything but.https://t.co/GE...
RT @EricTrump: I will be on the @IngrahamAngle at 10pmET!!! I have no doubt it will be quite the show tonight! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 #FoxNews https://t.co...
RT @parscale: The #KeepAmericaGreat rally in Hershey, PA was on 🔥🔥🔥last night. Packed house, filled with proud patriots who love their co...
Great Rally in Pennsylvania last night. Congressman Lloyd Smucker (PA-11) was there and I informed him that he has my complete and total Endorsement for the upcoming 2020 Election. Lloyd has done a great job. I am with him all the way!  #MAGA
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS at Hanukkah Reception https://t.co/dyNXDBgWiF
They spied on my campaign! https://t.co/sOotkhk5fw
RT @WhiteHouse: Thanks to President @realDonaldTrump's leadership in establishing space as a warfighting domain, the United States will dom...
They will never do it! https://t.co/5vlnzRg6GN
RT @VP: President @realDonaldTrump made a promise to the American people that our Nation will maintain leadership in space and the agreemen...
RT @VP: The Armed Services Committees reached an agreement on an NDAA that supports President @realDonaldTrump’s historic efforts since day...
The News Media in our Country is FAKE and in many cases, totally CORRUPT! https://t.co/hj9plf0GMC
RT @IvankaTrump: Amazing! 🇺🇸 https://t.co/fNldxp74BP
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you to bipartisan members in Congress for securing passage of this important legislation &amp, presidential priority! A...
RT @GOPChairwoman: Pelosi said it herself: They’ve been trying to impeach @realDonaldTrump for 2.5 years. But there was:No collusion.No...
“The Exclusive @Ami_Magazine Poll, What Orthodox Jews really think about President Trump” @JakeTurx https://t.co/bYaDIbKPAa https://t.co/TRtFKA8bGj
Wow! All of our priorities have made it into the final NDAA: Pay Raise for our Troops, Rebuilding our Military, Paid Parental Leave, Border Security, and Space Force! Congress – don’t delay this anymore! I will sign this historic defense legislation immediately!
“Zero evidence that any law was broken. They’re not even alleging that a law was broken. This is an abuse of the Constitution. It is using Impeachment as a campaign tool.” @SenTedCruz
RT @parscale: If the Democrat controlled House does not immediately investigate the FBI abuse found in the IG report it is clear evidence t...
RT @BuckSexton: Now we know the FBI is shockingly incompetent, reckless and dumb even when dealing with cases at the highest level of natio...
RT @BuckSexton: Maybe it’s worth noting that the guy leading the impeachment charge right now against Trump was- as a matter of established...
RT @BuckSexton: The absurd pretense that Democrats in Congress are impeaching Trump because of “the Constitution” and not their rage at Tru...
RT @BuckSexton: Let’s all be very clear: what Nadler implied today is, unless Trump is impeached and removed from office, we should all exp...
RT @BuckSexton: It’s really innovative how Adam Schiff and Jerry Nadler plan to protect the sanctity of our elections by insisting the last...
RT @ByronYork: Horowitz fallout. AG Bill Barr to NBC: 'I think our nation was turned on its head for three years based on a completely bogu...
RT @BuckSexton: Quite an odd thing for Democrats and media to pat themselves on the back for perpetrating a Russia-collusion hoax for 3 yea...
RT @MZHemingway: Can't get over how IG report showed the DOJ/FBI knew dossier was complete bunk by January 2017 and yet they kept suggestin...
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: As @Jim_Jordan reminds us, Democrats forget the facts.They forget we have the call transcript.They forget the two m...
RT @TeamTrump: WATCH: Democrat Counsel @danielsgoldman refuses to answer if he’s communicated with the Whistleblower https://t.co/uwodrELm9Z
RT @SaraCarterDC: #HorowitzReport:We should be able to question everything these officials have done, not just with regard to President T...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: THREAD: You will probably see plenty of spin and headlines today claiming the FBI is exonerated in this report. That is...
RT @dbongino: After reading through the IG report I offer this advice - if you’re even considering working for a GOP political campaign in...
RT @JennaEllisEsq: The Dems are trying to minimize the IG Report, but the real story is that it’s VERY DAMAGING. @FoxFriendsFirst https://t...
RT @JennaEllisEsq: You’re witnessing the Democratic Party self-destruct. #ImpeachmentSham
RT @JennaEllisEsq: In the Dems’ crazytown, the President should be impeached for:✅Setting foreign policy✅Ensuring foreign aid was not us...
RT @SenTedCruz: What’s happening in the House has become an absolute circus. A show trial. A propaganda trial. When the Senate takes up Dem...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Shifty Schiff, a totally corrupt politician, made up a horrible and fraudulent statement, read it to Congress, and sai...
RT @JennaEllisEsq: .@realDonaldTrump has been pushing Do-Nothing-Dems to bring the USMCA to a vote for A YEAR.For Nancy to claim this is...
DRAIN THE SWAMP! https://t.co/N3FaZ5Dkjq
RT @jasoninthehouse: Jason Chaffetz: The damage James Comey did to our country, the drama and expense is truly breathtakinghttps://t.co/e...
RT @JennaEllisEsq: The Bee mocking the Dems: “We have found Trump guilty of absolutely nothing, but we already started this whole process a...
RT @JennaEllisEsq: .@realDonaldTrump — Any Democrat who votes for these flimsy articles of impeachment are voting to sacrifice the House ma...
RT @realDonaldTrump: THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA! With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going t...
RT @JennaEllisEsq: This is a joke. In the real legal world, opposing parties would have at least 10 days (plus requests for extensions) for...
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Real Deal! https://t.co/jUXHPU85PQ
They were just upset that I demanded they pay their fair share for NATO. Their countries are delinquent. I raised $530 Billion more from NATO countries! Thank you Charles. https://t.co/1klX5GtK8r
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: ➡️ There's BIPARTISAN opposition to impeachment.➡️ Contrary to the Democrats' claims, there's no COMPELLING reason to...
RT @bennyjohnson: Want to see totalitarianism in America &amp, the silencing of political opposition?Want to see the true destruction of polit...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: I just got out of a nearly 2 hour briefing on the IG report.It is deeply disturbing. Some former FBI and DOJ official...
RT @RepLeeZeldin: “The Crossfire Hurricane team failed to inform Department officials of significant information that was available to the...
RT @RepDougCollins: Who ordered subpoenaed phone numbers be connected to members of Congress and journalists? Adam Schiff or Daniel Goldman...
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: 🔥🔥🔥 but also very true. Sensenbrenner to Democrat Impeachment Lawyer: 'You Have Made Joe McCarthy Look Like a Piker'...
RT @KimStrassel: Two biggest IG takeaways so far: --The FBI played the FISA court. The information about what it presented and what it exc...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: You won't see this in headlines, because it proves EXACTLY what we've been saying.FBI used knowingly false and dubiou...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Predictably, some media allies of Democrats spinning hard. This is what the investigation was about, pg 361:IG found...
RT @Jim_Jordan: We thought they spied on two Americans, we now know it was FOUR. The Inspector General’s report confirms what many of us...
RT @ForAmerica: Rep. Gaetz just took a blow torch to the character, integrity and testimony of Daniel Goldman. Goldman's eyes tell you ever...
RT @KimStrassel: Woah.  https://t.co/JMLd3z6wrd
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Wow but not at all surprising. Can’t let the truth of how insane this whole thing is get to actual Americans. The media...
RT @PressSec: FIVE INDISPUTABLE FACTS:1. No evidence of wrongdoing by @POTUS 2. Ukraine said there was no pressure3. Lethal aid to Ukrai...
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: IG Report Confirms Schiff Memo Media Praised Was Riddled With Lies https://t.co/CEKpngAVX0
RT @TomFitton: Mr. Comey stole @realDonaldTrump's confidential FBI records and leaked them. And lied about it to investigators. https://t.c...
RT @RepLeeZeldin: With this disgusting impeachment charade, House Democrats have proven themselves guilty of Abuse of Power and Obstruction...
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Media Research Center Files FEC Complaint Against Bloomberg News | The Dan Bongino Show https://t.co/eRgl5CkYz6
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: He's 100% right to think that. Does anyone actually believe Comey, Strozk, etc etc acted in good faith towards @realdon...
RT @kimguilfoyle: So much appreciation for the 10s of thousands of great Americans who show up rain or shine to support @realDonaldTrump. T...
RT @EricTrump: Such incredible love and support! #USAUSAUSA 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https://t.co/1hh8DbcV7r
RT @TeamTrump: Overflow crowd outside of the Giant Center in Hershey, PA on this cold and rainy night! 👀🇺🇸#TrumpRallyHershey https://t.co...
RT @CongressmanHice: .@realdonaldtrump never settles for the status quo, &amp, #USMCA is no different. With the new trade deal, @POTUS is keepi...
RT @CongressmanHice: How @HouseDemocrats run a kangaroo court: Ignore the rules, refuse to recognize legitimate objections, stream roll the...
RT @VP: Thanks to the leadership of President @realDonaldTrump, America is leading in Space! https://t.co/gvwrmZERj9
RT @GOPChairwoman: While Democrats were pushing impeachment, @realDonaldTrump was delivering results for Pennsylvania:*160K new jobs*bil...
RT @DanScavino: President @realDonaldTrump has arrived at the Giant Center in Hershey, Pennsylvania for a MASSIVE #MAGARally with great Ame...
RT @Mike_Pence: Electric crowd here tonight in the Keystone State! Pennsylvania and American know that to #KeepAmericaGreat we need FOUR MO...
RT @DanScavino: .@POTUS @realDonaldTrump🔊“America is thriving like never before — and ladies and gentlemen of Pennsylvania: THE BEST IS Y...
RT @GeraldoRivera: Polls in key swing states, Michigan, Pennsylvania &amp, Wisconsin show @realDonaldTrump crushing any &amp, all Democratic presid...
RT @WhiteHouse: As a private citizen, @realDonaldTrump saw that Americans were treated unfairly by NAFTA.He ran for office—and won—on a p...
After years of rebuilding OTHER NATIONS, we are finally rebuilding OUR NATION. In everything we do, we are putting AMERICA FIRST! #KAG2020 https://t.co/sS0Y01MJYd
Day after day, we are exposing the depravity, dishonesty and sickness of the corrupt Washington establishment — and with your help, we are going to complete the mission and DRAIN THE SWAMP! #KAG2020 https://t.co/SM5hocqoNi
THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA! With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep ON WINNING! We are ONE movement, ONE people, ONE family, and ONE GLORIOUS NATION UNDER GOD! https://t.co/g64HD9yL9N
RT @SecretarySonny: Very encouraged by today’s breakthrough on #USMCA – the agreement is a big win for America, especially for our farmers...
RT @MikeKellyPA: Promises made, promises kept! USMCA is a big win &amp, will further boost America's economy.Thank you to @POTUS @realDonaldT...
RT @WaysandMeansGOP: Ways and Means Republicans, @POTUS, and @USTradeRep Amb. Lighthizer fought hard and delivered on their promise for an...
RT @RepArrington: After a year of needless delay by @SpeakerPelosi &amp, Democrat leadership, we are finally ready to deliver a win for America...
RT @ChuckGrassley: Renegotiating NAFTA was a central campaign promise of Pres Trump and 2day he delivered a historic win for the American p...
RT @USTradeRep: Statement from United States Trade Representative Robert Lighthizerhttps://t.co/1kqSHU3hDq https://t.co/MYZ5C5NQg1
RT @RepLaHood: The announced agreement on #USMCA is great news! I applaud @realDonaldTrump &amp, @USTradeRep for negotiating a strong agreement...
RT @RepFredKeller: I congratulate President @realDonaldTrump and @HouseGOP leadership in reaching a deal on the #USMCA. The new trade deal...
RT @RepMeuser: (1/2) The #USMCA now looks like it will finally come to the House floor for a vote next week. This agreement, as negotiated...
RT @SenatorFischer: Pleased to hear that @realDonaldTrump’s administration &amp, House Democrats have reached a deal on #USMCA! This is a major...
RT @RoyBlunt: 🚨🚨🚨 @POTUS and House Democrats have announced an agreement to move #USMCA forward. My statement here ⤵️ https://t.co/Age7TDWf...
RT @RepAndyBarr: More than a year after President Trump negotiated the North America trade deal, it’s good to finally see the unnecessary p...
RT @PatrickMcHenry: American workers have waited long enough, the time to pass the #USMCA is now. From enabling our economy to continue to...
RT @WaysandMeansGOP: It’s time for the U.S. Congress to pass USMCA as soon as possible, without further delay, to unlock the benefits of th...
RT @RepSmucker: The USMCA is a big win for Pennsylvania and the people of my district!Thanks to @realDonaldTrump and Republican policies,...
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Huge win for President Trump getting USMCA over the finish line, but most importantly, it's a huge win for the American w...
RT @RepTrentKelly: Republicans advocated for #USMCA for months while @SpeakerPelosi pushed the impeachment sham. No more delays. It’s time...
RT @RepKevinBrady: I’ve been working to pass #USMCA since day one - now that @realDonaldTrump has reached a deal w/ Congress, we must pass...
RT @SteveScalise: Republicans pushed for a deal on #USMCA for months while Pelosi wasted time on her impeachment sham.We finally have an...
RT @GOPLeader: The US-Mexico-Canada Agreement is a win for the American worker and has been since the day President Trump signed it over a...
Just had a very good meeting with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and representatives of Russia. Discussed many items including Trade, Iran, North Korea, INF Treaty, Nuclear Arms Control, and Election Meddling. Look forward to continuing our dialogue in the near future! https://t.co/tHecH9a9ck
On my way to Hershey, Pennsylvania for a rally. See everyone soon. I love Hershey chocolate! https://t.co/bDUYBK8KRc
Just received a briefing on the horrific shootout that took place in Jersey City, NJ. Our thoughts &amp, prayers are w/ the victims &amp, their families during this very difficult &amp, tragic time. We will continue to monitor the situation as we assist local &amp, state officials on the ground.
Read the Transcripts! “us” is a reference to USA, not me!
Shifty Schiff, a totally corrupt politician, made up a horrible and fraudulent statement, read it to Congress, and said those words came from me. He got caught, was very embarrassed, yet nothing happened to him for committing this fraud. He’ll eventually have to answer for this!
Nadler just said that I “pressured Ukraine to interfere in our 2020 Election.” Ridiculous, and he knows that is not true. Both the President &amp, Foreign Minister of Ukraine said, many times, that there “WAS NO PRESSURE.” Nadler and the Dems know this, but refuse to acknowledge!
Looking like very good Democrat support for USMCA. That would be great for our Country!
America’s great USMCA Trade Bill is looking good. It will be the best and most important trade deal ever made by the USA. Good for everybody - Farmers, Manufacturers, Energy, Unions - tremendous support. Importantly, we will finally end our Country’s worst Trade Deal, NAFTA!
To Impeach a President who has proven through results, including producing perhaps the strongest economy in our country’s history, to have one of the most successful presidencies ever, and most importantly, who has done NOTHING wrong, is sheer Political Madness! #2020Election
“I can’t remember anything quite like this (the I.G. Report).” @brithume @BretBaier
I don’t know what report current Director of the FBI Christopher Wray was reading, but it sure wasn’t the one given to me. With that kind of attitude, he will never be able to fix the FBI, which is badly broken despite having some of the greatest men &amp, women working there!
....in a very long time. The FBI has had some dark day in its past, but nothing like this. This was VERY SERIOUS MISCONDUCT ON THE PART OF THE FBI.” @brithume @BretBaier  Are you listening Comey, McCabe, lovers Lisa &amp, Peter, the beautiful Ohr family, Brennan, Clapper &amp, many more?
“You have to look at the 17 instances of misconduct cited in the Report, they are very bad. The FISA Court was clearly taken for a ride on this, a failure of the FBI up and fown the chain of command. It’s about as strong a medicine as I’ve seen in a report of this kind...
RT @GovMikeHuckabee: Congrats to @BillHemmer and great move by @FoxNews to put a genuine journalist in that slot. Worked w/ @BillHemmer for...
A great choice. Bill is a winner! https://t.co/yxrB8aDIL9
RT @GOPChairwoman: New polling shows @realDonaldTrump surging in PA, MI, and WI.@KellyannePolls is absolutely right:This illegitimate s...
RT @PressSec: FIVE INDISPUTABLE FACTS:1. No evidence of wrongdoing by @POTUS 2. Ukraine said there was no pressure3. Lethal aid to Ukrai...
RT @GOPChairwoman: Where is Adam Schiff?After lying about his contact with the whistleblower and @realDonaldTrump’s call, he’s nowhere to...
"RT @TeamTrump: Don't let the Impeachment Sham distract from the fact that the Obama FBI was just faulted for numerous ""omissions"" and ""inac..."
"RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump shares the incredible story behind the prayer and song, ""God Bless America."" https://t.co/WLJUht..."
RT @GOPChairwoman: It’s official:Under Obama and Biden, Comey’s FBI used Dem-funded smears to spy on @realDonaldTrump’s campaign, then br...
RT @GOPChairwoman: You can’t make this up:Schiff’s Democrat counsel just flat-out refused to discuss how they conducted their partisan in...
"RT @KatrinaPierson: ""He did it pursuant to US policy""??Um, who sets U.S. policy other than the President of the United States?They refu..."
"RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump on the Department of Justice Inspector General's Report: ""It's a disgrace what's happened with r..."
RT @GeraldoRivera: Now it is clear 1-The #FBI did not fully inform the #FISACourt that the #SteeleDossier was produced &amp, bankrolled by #T...
RT @seanhannity: .@realDonaldTrump on FISA abuse 👇https://t.co/yFyUygKrwI
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump has asked Congress to pass a federal tax credit to support state-based scholarship programs and...
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Real Deal! https://t.co/jUXHPU85PQ
Read the Transcripts!
True! https://t.co/1seRjQ11ru
The Do Nothing Democrats are a disgrace! https://t.co/BlaAqsiw8z
The best Economy ever! https://t.co/Ql8f16uGXD
Witch Hunt! https://t.co/XrJSUsm9Wq
The Real Deal! https://t.co/jUXHPU85PQ
Witch Hunt! https://t.co/JIJk7l5TAX
Let our great soldiers fight! https://t.co/qBGdF9sVnJ
RT @DanScavino: #ImpeachmentSHAM #SchiffShow https://t.co/RlqXgqO49H
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/11nzKwOCtU
RT @DanScavino: The Do Nothing Dems will keep their games going on in THE SWAMP well into 2020 because they hate Trump and they think it he...
RT @DanScavino: https://t.co/cfuW0h9PRr
AMERICA FIRST! https://t.co/dOU1MK1Lwu
RT @DanScavino: CONGRATS Bryce Mitchell (@ThugnastyMMA)! #UFCDC #UFCWashington cc: @realDonaldTrumpWAIT FOR IT.....https://t.co/KPcInakf...
“The Democrats have thrown a wrecking ball at our Democracy.” @MariaBartiromo
“No president in American history has been treated like this.” @marklevinshow
RT @WhiteHouse: Yesterday, President @realDonaldTrump delivered remarks at the Israeli American Council National Summit. https://t.co/jEP6p...
RT @ByronYork: Are journalists concerned about release of John Solomon's phone records? Some have tried to make him an outcast journalist....
RT @DevinNunes: CNN Hits Three-Year Ratings Low Amid Impeachment Drama - #goodnightVienna ⁦@DailyCaller⁩  https://t.co/8BxDAKxKeb
RT @DailyCaller: Speaker Pelosi Claimed To ‘Resent’ The Word ‘Hate.’ She Once Said GOP Were ‘Paralyzed With Hatred’ Of Clinton. https://t.c...
RT @DailyCaller: CNN Receives Bad TV Rating For Speaker Pelosi Town Hall https://t.co/YxzzHljJAK
RT @DailyCaller: The FISA Report Is Finally Coming. Here’s What To Know About It. https://t.co/uA97ZmL8yW
RT @DailyCaller: Dana Bash Puts Nadler On The Spot With His Own Statements On Partisan Impeachment https://t.co/fChR5snz6f
RT @DailyCaller: Nunes: FBI Withheld Exculpatory Information On Carter Page From FISA Court https://t.co/v30Epau5aZ
RT @DailyCaller: Joe Biden Claims Ignorance On His Son’s Conflicts Of Interest With Burisma https://t.co/wH8ZJElF4p
.CNN is a ratings disaster. Lost all credibility! https://t.co/SKnLFNTGzU
RT @DevinNunes: Dems busted again on their Watergate fantasies... with ⁦@marthamaccallum⁩ https://t.co/x9RlLvLAOe
RT @DevinNunes: Thx @dbongino https://t.co/chbunruVUh
RT @tracybeanz: Reading @DevinNunes lawsuit against @cnn. It’s something. This is how it started, but the facts in here are incontrovertibl...
RT @MariaBartiromo: Rep. Nunes says he will pursue legal action on release of phone records https://t.co/flF3cxPg4G  @SundayFutures @FoxNew...
RT @DevinNunes: Great interview by ⁦@newtgingrich⁩ with ⁦@LeeSmithDC⁩  https://t.co/sqV7AafjET
RT @Jim_Jordan: Did @RepAdamSchiff mislead the American people AGAIN?https://t.co/GOnVlzCsRW
RT @Jim_Jordan: While Democrats are focused on undoing the 2016 election, President Trump is doing what he said.Able-bodied adults withou...
RT @RepArrington: The #SchiffShow is finally over. With @SpeakerPelosi choosing to continue this impeachment charade, I’m confident my co...
https://t.co/lnNyGMleKJ
"RT @GOPLeader: Speaker Pelosi: ""An impeachment is not a pleasant experience. It can be divisive. We don't take any glee in this at all.""A..."
RT @SteveScalise: Every scam Dems have run against @realDonaldTrump—from Mueller to bribery—has failed.They have no case for impeachment....
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: Republicans are working day and night to expose the truth behind the Democrats’ radical, partisan, vindictive efforts t...
RT @RepDougCollins: The average American outside of D.C. understands due process. They understand fairness. They do not understand how...
RT @RepChuck: No matter how they try and spin it, Dems have been trying to impeach @realDonaldTrump since day 1. Now, according to Speaker...
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: Promises made, promises kept.Today marks the 2nd anniversary of @POTUS @realDonaldTrump's decision to recognize Jerus...
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: Democrats' determination to impeach @realDonaldTrump undercuts our responsibility to govern the nation. Instead of focu...
RT @WhiteHouse: As a candidate for President, @realDonaldTrump promised to eliminate two old regulations for every new federal regulation i...
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: Great to join @EPAAWheeler in this effort. The @realDonaldTrump adminstration is doing an excellent job by streamlining...
RT @RepDougCollins: Chairman Nadler has no choice but to postpone Monday’s hearing in the wake of a last-minute document transmission that...
"RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: ""That is almost no movement either way in more than 6 weeks — a time during which televised impeachment hearings were h..."
RT @RepMarkMeadows: All the Democrats have are unproven allegations. Here are the facts:- Call text shows zero link between aid/political...
The Fake News doesn’t dare mention the corrupt Democrats! https://t.co/JIiOE2a2JF
RT @RepMarkGreen: .@realDonaldTrump is delivering huge wins for our economy. ✅ Jobs growing an average of 205,000/month✅ Unemployment at...
RT @SteveScalise: Adam Schiff is lying to the American people again.He has 3,500+ pages of phone records on people—including the press—th...
RT @GOPLeader: Democrats devised their timeline for impeaching the president a long time ago, and they've just been filling it in as they g...
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: “To summarize: Many Democrats wanted to impeach @realDonaldTrump from the get-go. Frustrated at their inability to get...
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: From the individuals who brought you the Russian-Collusion Hoax,Comes the sequel - the Ukrainian Hoax.Democrats wil...
RT @JudgeJeanine: House Freedom Caucus Chairman @RepAndyBiggsAZ and Congressman @replouiegohmert joined me to discuss the latest round of i...
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Many stubborn facts destroy the Dems’ impeachment fairy tale. These top highlights remain key:-Pres Zelensky didn’t kno...
"RT @RepMattGaetz: .@RepZoeLofgren called the 1998 impeachment ""fascist."" @RepJerryNadler said it was ""ripping asunder our votes.""@Speaker..."
"RT @USNavy: #UPDATE: #USNavy releases names of the Sailors Killed in @NASPCOLA Shooting. ""We feel the loss profoundly and grieve with the f..."
RT @CLewandowski_: Thank you @realDonaldTrump for putting American back to work.  Just think how much better it could be if Members of Cong...
RT @CLewandowski_: The House Judiciary Committee's fundamental choice. My latest op-ed just published in The Hill.   https://t.co/6gsJuHG7pK
RT @DanScavino: CONGRATS Bryce Mitchell (@ThugnastyMMA)! #UFCDC #UFCWashington cc: @realDonaldTrumpWAIT FOR IT.....https://t.co/KPcInakf...
RT @GOPChairwoman: Nancy Pelosi and House Democrats want to impeach @realDonaldTrump simply because they don’t like him. All you have to...
What he did is illegal. Schiff is a corrupt politician and a criminal! https://t.co/uLzJY5MjW3
RT @WSJ: From @WSJopinion: The effort to sink Justice Brett Kavanaugh’s confirmation cries out for investigation, write @DavidRivkin and Le...
RT @DavidRivkin: There’s nothing about impeachment that turns the president into a ward of the legislature. The Executive Branch has a righ...
RT @howappealing: “This Impeachment Subverts the Constitution: It’s nakedly political and procedurally defective, and so far there’s no pub...
"RT @DavidRivkin: The ""whistleblower"" does not have a right to anonymity, at best he would be protected against retaliation in employment. A..."
RT @WarRoom2020: Rivkin: Dems are falsely accusing @POTUS of obstruction &amp, bribery, this is a political shamLIVE NOW on War Room: Impeach...
“This would be the first Impeachment in American history without a specific criminal statute or crime that the president whose impeached would have allegedly committed.” Paul Gigot, The Wall Street Journal
RT @WarRoom2020: Navarro: Why at the Dem debates do they never talk about China or the economy? Because they don’t want to admit President...
RT @WarRoom2020: Schultz: The best evidence in this case came out months ago: the call transcriptLIVE NOW on War Room: Impeachment w/ @Ci...
RT @WarRoom2020: READ: The White House’s ‘Bring It On’ Letter to House Democrats  #WarRoomImpeachment https://t.co/DllOF476v7
RT @WarRoom2020: Guardian: Nancy Pelosi is Bungling the Impeachment Inquiry  #WarRoomImpeachment https://t.co/mNkYGagdkJ
RT @WarRoom2020: FLASHBACK: Media Called Biden-Ukraine Relationship ‘Fishy’ in 2014  #WarRoomImpeachment https://t.co/CjDIxLok3Q
RT @WarRoom2020: OH MY JOBS! – U.S. Economy Adds 266,000 Jobs in November  #WarRoomImpeachment https://t.co/gDrgkwm8Zl
RT @WarRoom2020: Canada Just Lost the Equivalent of 650,000 Jobs as Trump’s Economy Roars  #WarRoomImpeachment https://t.co/gZK03BpIca
RT @WarRoom2020: Trump Trounces Obama Approval Rating at Same Point of Presidencies  #WarRoomImpeachment https://t.co/duUE7N9D5p
RT @WSJopinion: If Adam Schiff were confident in his legal position, he’d want to put the case to a judge. Yet he seems desperate not to, w...
.....American people are supposed to believe that this simply isn’t a part of everthing they’ve been trying to do for the last three years? I think it is really a hard sell for Nancy Pelosi.” @DanHenninger  The Wall Street Journal
“The Democrats haven’t come up with a smocking gun. Nancy Pelosi, by raising this to the level of Impeachment, has raised the bar impossibly high. This comes after three years of nonstop investigations of Trump, the Russian collusion narrative, the Mueller Report, &amp, now the.....
RT @JennaEllisEsq: THREAD: So I didn’t get to finish comments w/ @edhenry today due to the breaking news, but here are the two main points:...
They are trying to stop ME, because I am fighting for YOU! https://t.co/xiw4jtjkNl
RT @JennaEllisEsq: 2. @realDonaldTrump was clear when he said “Do US a favor” that he was speaking on behalf of the United States. It is ab...
RT @JennaEllisEsq: The Dems are desperately searching for grounds of impeachment and they have LOST. They have NOTHING.But they ARE afrai...
RT @dbongino: Ted Cruz absolutely ANNIHILATING liberal activist, conspiracy theorist, and fake news propagandist, Chuck Todd. Chuck is the...
RT @JennaEllisEsq: INCREDIBLE. Read the House Judiciary Report! Dems ADMITTING they are:1) Changing the standard of impeachment2) Proce...
RT @AndrewPollackFL: Incredibly dangerous &amp, reckless policies led to my daughter being murdered on the 3rd floor of her high school in Park...
RT @AndrewPollackFL: Thank you ⁦@mattgaetz⁩ for calling the Pensacola shooting for what it is:Terrorism.This should have never happened...
RT @JennaEllisEsq: Even DEMS are now against impeachment! Dems are saying:❌Embarrassed for their party❌This is a political impeachment❌...
RT @nypost: Ted Cruz says Trump has 'authority' to investigate corruption in Ukraine https://t.co/xnJNUpwf1f https://t.co/fmNnbfa5lW
"RT @thehill: Ted Cruz blasts Trump impeachment inquiry as a ""kangaroo court"" https://t.co/lvtQpTLD0r https://t.co/2DwZO1s9UF"
I.G. report out tomorrow. That will be the big story!
“I think the Democrats are going to lose many members over this.” @DebbieLesko @edhenry
The Wall is going up fast! https://t.co/8tmUsC9oPq
RT @AnniePNJ: The first of yesterday’s shooting victims has been id’d by family as 23yo Joshua Kaleb Watson:  “Heavily wounded, he made his...
I got NATO countries to pay 530 Billion Dollars a year more, and the U.S. less, and came home to a Fake News Media that mocked me. Didn’t think that was possible!
RT @marklevinshow: Don’t miss Life, Liberty &amp, Levin this Sunday on Fox at 8 PM eastern! For the first time, a fabulous full hour with Profe...
RT @marklevinshow: Never take the audience for granted https://t.co/inTx3GJu4l
RT @marklevinshow: Pelosi's fascistic rule marks her as one of the worst, if not the worst Speaker in history. Deceitful, lawless, unethica...
RT @marklevinshow: Tonight at 8 PM eastern on Fox, don’t miss Life, Liberty &amp, Levin!  My guest for the full hour is Professor Dershowitz! ...
Great! https://t.co/YEbqKEJBq2
RT @marklevinshow: Mediate &amp, Chuck Todd, having lied throughout the Russia “collusion” BS, now lie about Ukraine.And if Todd wants to be th...
RT @marklevinshow: Democrat-controlled Judiciary Committee releases more methane https://t.co/l19iQZNqa5
RT @DanScavino: “THE DEMOCRATS ARE LOSING IT” @JesseBWatters @WattersWorld https://t.co/PUZo1LKLhg
RT @TVNewsHQ: Watch Fox’s @JesseBWatters: “The Dems are losing it.. Trump’s driving the left crazy! The economy is posting blowout numbers,...
The United States will not rest until we bring every American wrongfully detained in Iran and around the world back home to their loved ones! https://t.co/2kWgJhvrtY
Don’t get why @FoxNews puts losers on like @RepSwalwell (who got ZERO as presidential candidate before quitting), Pramila Jayapal, David Cicilline and others who are Radical Left Haters? The Dems wouldn’t let @FoxNews get near their bad ratings debates, yet Fox panders. Pathetic!
....it’s going to go nowhere. They are going to impeach not because they have the evidence, but because they hate the president. I think the American people know that this is a waste of time, this is Democrats putting on a circus. @SenTedCruz interviewed by Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd
“Any president has the authority to investigate corruption. The President himself released the transcript of the call. Now the Democrats have no evidence of a crime and no evidence of violating the law. This is a kangaroo court in the House, but it’s going to go to the Senate,...
....Biden on the board of the largest natural gas company in Ukraine, getting paid $83,000 a month, 10 times as much as a board member of @exxonmobil.” Thank you Ted. He also  made a fortune from China and others, but zero before his father became V.P. @MeetThePress
.@SenTedCruz  “The Democrats are now admitting that they can’t prove a crime, they can’t prove a law was violated, and here’s why. Any president, any administration, is justified in investigating corruption, and there was serious evidence of real corruption concerning Hunter....
Less than 48 hours before start of the Impeachment Hearing Hoax, on Monday, the No Due Process, Do Nothing Democrats are, believe it or not, changing the Impeachment Guidelines because the facts are not on their side. When you can’t win the game, change the rules!
RT @OANN: One America News presents an in-depth report on corruption by former Vice President Joe Biden and his family. Join @NeilWMcCabe...
RT @OANN: In the next for edition of One America News Investigates, join @ChanelRion as she interviews several witnesses who debunk Adam Sc...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Speaker Pelosi this morning: “The president’s actions in taking these things to court... is an obstruction of justice.”...
....with the U.S. Presidential Election in November. North Korea, under the leadership of Kim Jong Un, has tremendous economic potential, but it must denuclearize as promised. NATO, China, Russia, Japan, and the entire world is unified on this issue!
Kim Jong Un is too smart and has far too much to lose, everything actually, if he acts in a hostile way. He signed a strong Denuclearization Agreement with me in Singapore. He does not want to void his special relationship with the President of the United States or interfere.... https://t.co/THfOjfB2uE
https://t.co/HvENCXZBYe
https://t.co/kaiJymPjE9
Congratulations to @TitoOrtiz on tonight’s huge WIN, a Great American Patriot! https://t.co/m4tJpfzVte
@KimStrassel “Schiff’s surveillance (obtaining phone logs) is an unprecedented abuse of power.”  To put it mildly. Also, it is illegal!
RT @KimStrassel: 1) Still waiting for my fellow members of the media to express their deep outrage and alarm that Intelligence Chair Schiff...
RT @KimStrassel: Democrats lecture about dirt-digging, even as they abuse their surveillance powers to demand phone records to smear politi...
RT @KimStrassel: I wondered how long it would be before media rushed to defend Schiff's indefensible subpoenas and intimidation of the medi...
RT @KimStrassel: @WSJ Also from my column: Constitutional lawyer David Rivkin makes the case that Schiff has opened himself up lawsuits fro...
RT @KimStrassel: From my new column: “There does not appear to be any basis to believe that a congressional committee is authorized to subp...
RT @DanHenninger: Impeachment will be the decisive battle in World War Trump, now in its third year with no end in sight, writes @DanHennin...
RT @DanHenninger: Pelosi’s decision to open the impeachment dam is starting to look like a blunder. Rather than let voters decide Trump’s f...
RT @DanHenninger: Nancy Pelosi saw this summer that Adam Schiff’s Take Down Trump Show might be more trouble than it was worth for Democrat...
RT @DanHenninger: When Trump called the impeachment show a ‘kangaroo court,’ he was only half right. All of Washington has become a kangaro...
The United States Secret Service Deputy Assistant Director, Anthony Ornato, will become my new Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations. I have worked with Tony for 3 years - he will do a fantastic job! Thank you to Dan Walsh for his great service, and congratulations to Tony!
“Not only have the Democrats not advanced key pieces of legislation that would help the economy, but the polls, especially in early states, are showing that voters are tuning out.” @PeteHegseth They don’t want our greatest of all presidents impeached!
“Why re-elect Democrats when you know that this is what they are doing with their majority. Their case is not strong because first it was Russian Collusion, then it was obstruction, then it was Ukraine, now their pivoting back to Russia. Why would they be doing that?” Lisa Booth
Our Economy is the envy of the World!
Hard to believe, but if Nancy Pelosi had put our great Trade Deal with Mexico and Canada, USMCA, up for a vote long ago, our economy would be even better. If she doesn’t move quickly, it will collapse!
Taken during the Obama Administration (despite $150 Billion gift), returned during the Trump Administration. Thank you to Iran on a very fair negotiation. See, we can make a deal together! https://t.co/rZaY9p8xzV
While the world is not doing well economically, our Country is doing better, perhaps, than it has ever done before. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
Read the Transcripts! Also, see where I say “us” (our Country) as opposed to “me” (meaning me) and where I then say that the Attorney General (of the United States) will call you. People still remember Schiff’s made up and fraudulent version of my conversation. Witch Hunt!
RT @WhiteHouse: On National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day, we solemnly reflect on the tragic events of December 7, 1941, and honor those who...
RT @TomFitton: Impeachment coup should be frozen until a full investigation is done on Schiff's abuse of power against @RealDonaldTrump in...
RT @TomFitton: FBI has now lost TWICE in federal court in its scheming to hide FBI-Clinton gang conspiracy to try to destroy @realDonaldTr...
RT @JudicialWatch: @TomFitton: Pelosi/Schiff Abuse Worsens, FBI “Finds” Clinton Emails, PLUS 5 NEW JW Lawsuits against DeepState https://t....
RT @TomFitton: HUGE: Impeachment Abuse Expands--Schiff Implicated in Phone Records Spying Misconduct, COUP Against @RealDonaldTrump Can Sti...
RT @AP_Scoop: SPECIAL EPISODE with the brilliant @MZHemingway on the Russia Collusion Hoax and Kavanaugh.  Watch the full video: https://...
RT @Jim_Jordan: One set of rules for them.A different set for us. https://t.co/dzYPrJ5rRa
RT @Rasmussen_Poll: Day 2 - @BonginoReport vs. @TheDailyBailDecision: Bongino Report is workin' the refs and, yeah, we bought it. But nev...
"RT @newsmax: ""Pelosi despises you people who don't live in the coastal areas... They hate you because you brought President Trump to the Pr..."
"RT @newsmax: ""I have no idea what the plan is from the Democrats, it makes no sense to me. Nancy Pelosi can go on public TV and claim that..."
RT @newsmax: Trump economist Steve Moore tells Newsmax TV: Strong jobs data undercuts any impeachment argument https://t.co/2Nk3kFPaJN http...
RT @GrahamLedger: LEDGER REGISTER:Will the partisan political impeachment inquiry of President Trump by the weaponized House of Representa...
RT @alexsalvinews: Fox News confirms 7 hours after @OANN. https://t.co/NYnef34DvU https://t.co/xz2isdb9t0
RT @OANN: One America News has just launched a live 24/7, 365 days a year, uninterrupted cable feed on Facebook, and it's only $4.99 per mo...
RT @JaySekulow: I am at the #ICC with members of the @ACLJ &amp, @ECLJ’s legal team to defend the interests of #American soldiers.Our heroes...
RT @JaySekulow: Radio: Democrat Congressman Calls for Perpetual Impeachment of Donald Trump https://t.co/NjJkHvSkQC
RT @Jim_Jordan: .@SpeakerPelosi is counting impeachment votes. Here’s what President Trump is counting:-266k new jobs-54k in manufacturi...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Wow. Non-stop impeachment barrage. And America’s economy and @realDonaldTrump keep delivering big time wins anyway. htt...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Washington Democrats are counting impeachment votes. President Trump is counting 266,000 new jobs and a 50-year record...
RT @GovRonDeSantis: I just spoke with President @realDonaldTrump regarding the shooting at NAS Pensacola and he reiterated his full support...
RT @CQnow: House Judiciary members @RepDougCollins and @RepMattGaetz huddle before the start of the panel's hearing on the impeachment inqu...
Why is the World Bank loaning money to China? Can this be possible? China has plenty of money, and if they don’t, they create it. STOP!
Fake News @CNN is reporting that I am “still using personal cell phone for calls despite repeated security warnings.” This is totally false information and reporting. I haven’t had a personal cell phone for years. Only use government approved and issued phones. Retract!
Nadler hasn’t had a single fact witness testify! Zero substance—Country wants #USMCA and Growth, not Impeachment. Polls have tanked on the Do Nothing Democrats!
...This Bill HELPS students get the student aid they need to go to college! STOP the headaches, and STOP the PAPERWORK barriers to HIGHER EDUCATION! Congrats to Lamar!
GREAT WORK yesterday by the Senate to support our Historically Black Colleges and Universities! Thank you @BetsyDeVosED, @SenAlexander, and @SenatorTimScott for your leadership...
Congressman @LanceGooden has done a wonderful job for the people of Texas while supporting our #MAGA Agenda. He continues to protect your very important #2A. Lance is Strong on Crime and the Border, he Loves our Great Vets and Military. Lance has my Complete &amp, Total Endorsement!
....will temporarily hold off this designation and step up our joint efforts to deal decisively with these vicious and ever-growing organizations!
All necessary work has been completed to declare Mexican Cartels terrorist organizations. Statutorily we are ready to do so. However, at the request of a man who I like and respect, and has worked so well with us, President Andres Manuel @LopezObrador_ we....
....The King said that the Saudi people are greatly angered by the barbaric actions of the shooter, and that this person in no way shape or form represents the feelings of the Saudi people who love the American people.
King Salman of Saudi Arabia just called to express his sincere condolences and give his sympathies to the families and friends of the warriors who were killed and wounded in the attack that took place in Pensacola, Florida....
RT @RepMattGaetz: NAS Pensacola is a huge source of pride for all of Northwest Florida. It is the home of naval aviation. It is the home of...
Just received a full briefing on the tragic shooting at NAS Pensacola in Florida, and spoke to @GovRonDeSantis. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families during this difficult time. We are continuing to monitor the situation as the investigation is ongoing.
Without the horror show that is the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, the Stock Markets and Economy would be even better, if that is possible, and the Border would be closed to the evil of Drugs, Gangs and all other problems! #2020
@HeyTammyBruce “This seems personal. That it is deeply unfair, that has not changed. This has become a matter of their unhinged emotional reaction to a man who has bettered them, who has had victory where they have not had victory, and has exposed the problem with the Leftists.”
“This is a blowout. Look at these manufacturing numbers, a blowout.” @MariaBartiromo
"RT @BreakingNews: @NBCNews Escambia Co. Sheriff's Office: ""There is no longer an active shooter on NAS Pensacola. The shooter is confirmed..."
Stock Markets Up Record Numbers. For this year alone, Dow up 18.65%, S&amp,P up 24.36%, Nasdaq Composite up 29.17%. “It’s the economy, stupid.”
RT @GOPChairwoman: The Founders began the Constitution with “We the People” for a reason.Pelosi wants to negate the votes of 63M American...
RT @IngrahamAngle: A GREAT DAY for @realdonaldtrump. Terrible day for House of Representatives.
"RT @GOPChairwoman: The audacity of Nancy Pelosi.She just claimed, “This has absolutely nothing to do with politics.""House Democrats boy..."
RT @parscale: The Democrats are right about one thing - someone did abuse their power.But it's not @RealDonaldTrump. It's THEM. Their i...
RT @VP: While Democrats continue their obsession with impeaching President @realDonaldTrump &amp, try to overturn the will of the American peop...
"RT @WhiteHouse: The liberal ""experts"" invited to testify by House Democrats yesterday have had an appetite for impeachment since before Pre..."
Do not believe any article or story you read or see that uses “anonymous sources” having to do with trade or any other subject. Only accept information if it has an actual living name on it. The Fake News Media makes up many “sources say” stories. Do not believe them!
Where’s the Fake Whistleblower? Where’s Whistleblower number 2? Where’s the phony informer who got it all wrong?
The story today that we are sending 12,000 troops to Saudi Arabia is false or, to put it more accurately, Fake News!
RT @Team_Mitch: Mitch McConnell’s memoir “The Long Game” is now available in paperback with a new foreword written by President @realDonald...
Republican Approval Rating = 95%. Thank you!
Nancy Pelosi just had a nervous fit. She hates that we will soon have 182 great new judges and sooo much more. Stock Market and employment records. She says she “prays for the President.” I don’t believe her, not even close. Help the homeless in your district Nancy. USMCA?
THANK YOU! #MAGA🇺🇸 https://t.co/v8KfvhqnXE
....This will mean that the beyond important and seldom used act of Impeachment will be used routinely to attack future Presidents. That is not what our Founders had in mind. The good thing is that the Republicans have NEVER been more united. We will win!
The Do Nothing, Radical Left Democrats have just announced that they are going to seek to Impeach me over NOTHING. They already gave up on the ridiculous Mueller “stuff,” so now they hang their hats on two totally appropriate (perfect) phone calls with the Ukrainian President....
.....trial in the Senate, and so that our Country can get back to business. We will have Schiff, the Bidens, Pelosi and many more testify, and will reveal, for the first time, how corrupt our system really is. I was elected to “Clean the Swamp,” and that’s what I am doing!
The Do Nothing Democrats had a historically bad day yesterday in the House. They have no Impeachment case and are demeaning our Country. But nothing matters to them, they have gone crazy. Therefore I say, if you are going to impeach me, do it now, fast, so we can have a fair....
Tremendous things achieved for U.S. on my NATO trip. Proudly for our Country, no President has ever achieved so much in so little time. Without a U.S. increase, other countries have already increased by $130 Billion-with $400 Billion soon. Such a thing has never been done before!
RT @RepMikeJohnson: I just obtained unanimous consent to enter this into the record.  #shameful #ImpeachmentHearing https://t.co/1MfXE7cIMG
RT @RepMikeJohnson: Can't wait to tell my kids President @realDonaldTrump (kind of) retweeted me 😆 cc @RepDougCollins https://t.co/zo54qOa7...
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to belittle my VERY successful trip to London for NATO. I got along g...
RT @HouseGOP: House Democrats continue to waste the American people’s time with their impeachment sham.... ❌ Passing #USMCAnow❌ Securing o...
....”I would like to have the Attorney General (of the United States) call you or your people.....” This, based on what I have seen, is their big point - and it is no point at a all (except for a big win for me!). The Democrats should apologize to the American people!
When I said, in my phone call to the President of Ukraine, “I would like you to do US a favor though because our country has been through a lot and Ukraine knows a lot about it.” With the word “us” I am referring to the United States, our Country. I then went on to say that......
RT @GOPChairwoman: Democrat leaders have no clear vision for America besides trying to steal the 2020 election away from voters though thei...
RT @Morlen4Distrct1: Impeachment Witness: Obama Refused To Give Evidence To Congress https://t.co/0ntL9ZX3pb
RT @Morlen4Distrct1: Jim Banks Calls On Lindsey Graham To Subpoena Adam Schiff’s Phone Records https://t.co/tiGA3RN5wp
RT @SKennedy1979: Thank you ⁦@RepMattGaetz⁩ for keeping these partisan hacks in check! Somebody has to..no decorum and an absolute free for...
RT @addyvanse_com: Beautiful job! https://t.co/P5htMNpp7n
RT @SharplyRight: Matt Gaetz is an ABSOLUTE BOSS as he destroys the impeachment witnesses over Democratic donations and bias and slams prof...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you @NATO! #NATOLondon https://t.co/8gJeXZxwpH
Just read the best Maureen Dowd column, in the New York Times, EVER (although she treated me great before politics), but it was written by her brother, Kevin. Someone in the News Media should hire her wonderful, talented, and very smart brother! https://t.co/lO9s1qLK8A
"RT @RepDougCollins: .@RepGregSteube: ""On the very first day of my swearing in, a Democrat in my class called for the impeachment of the pre..."
RT @CongressmanHice: .@HouseDemocrats have thrown every accusation at @POTUS @realdonaldtrump they can conjure: — Russian collusion— Obs...
RT @RepMikeJohnson: Democrats are pursuing their hatred for @realDonaldTrump atop the ruins of our public liberty. That is the greatest dan...
RT @GOPLeader: While President Trump is overseas defending the country,Democrats are in Washington dividing the country. https://t.co/obd0...
RT @RepArmstrongND: Today has been like everything else in the sham impeachment - purposely misleading and not based on the facts. The fact...
.@NATO has now recognized SPACE as an operational domain and the alliance is STRONGER for it. U.S. leadership ensures peace through strength and we must continue to show strength and WIN on all fronts – land, air, sea, and SPACE!
The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to belittle my VERY successful trip to London for NATO. I got along great with the NATO leaders, even getting them to pay $130 Billion a year more, &amp, $400 Billion a year more in 3 years. No increase for U.S., only deep respect!
RT @FLOTUS: A minor child deserves privacy and should be kept out of politics. Pamela Karlan, you should be ashamed of your very angry and...
RT @RepDougCollins: .@RepMikeJohnson: “The greatest danger of this fraudulent impeachment production is not what happens this afternoon or...
RT @SteveScalise: 🚨 BREAKING: @RepMattGaetz asked the witnesses in today's sham hearing to raise their hands if they have personal knowledg...
"RT @RepMattGaetz: ""To all of the witnesses: if you have personal knowledge of a single material fact in the Schiff report, please raise you..."
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: All 3 of the Democrats' law professors came w/ preconceived biases. Two have said for years that various acts by the Pr...
RT @WhiteHouse: Anyone with personal knowledge of a single material fact in the Schiff report? https://t.co/HOIOEsRg9Y
RT @GOPoversight: .@RepMattGaetz just brought the house down. When will Democrats bring in witnesses with actual first-hand knowledge of...
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: 🚨 Mic drop from @RepRatcliffe &amp, Jonathan Turley 🚨➡️ RATCLIFFE: So if I were to summarize your testimony - no bribery,...
RT @HouseGOP: 📺WATCH: @Jim_Jordan highlights why this is a predetermined impeachment by Democrats. https://t.co/l9EexBKMGe
RT @RepDougCollins: .@RepSteveChabot: “It would seem—since Schiff, for example, misled the American people on multiple occasions—common sen...
RT @RepDougCollins: Turley to Congress: “If you impeach a president, if you make a high crime &amp, misdemeanor out of going to the courts, it...
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""If you impeach a president, if you make a high crime and misdemeanor out of going to the courts, it is an abuse of power...."
RT @GReschenthaler: I had hoped that my colleagues across the aisle would want to hear all the facts before they undo the 2016 election, bu...
RT @realDonaldTrump: So true, but it will never work! https://t.co/UEi4U4lpTs
RT @KenCalvert: House Democrats have brought Congress to a standstill with their impeachment obsession.❌ Passage of #USMCA❌ Lower Drug P...
RT @RepDougCollins: Prof. Turley: “Impeachments have to be based on proof not presumptions.” https://t.co/sl06UHs5ju
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Jonathan Turley, not a Trump supporter, looks at Democrats and delivers one of the most powerful quotes of the hearing...
RT @HouseGOP: As House Democrats kick off another day of their impeachment sham, here’s a reminder that after two weeks of public testimony...
RT @SteveScalise: WATCH → Legal expert testifying before Nadler's Judiciary Committee says this would be the first impeachment in history w...
Thank you @NATO! #NATOLondon https://t.co/8gJeXZxwpH
....When today’s meetings are over, I will be heading back to Washington. We won’t be doing a press conference at the close of NATO because we did so many over the past two days. Safe travels to all!
RT @OrlandoWeekly: Florida county denies library subscriptions to the New York Times because it's 'fake news'https://t.co/5JEqqR1swj
....Just finished meetings with Turkey and Germany. Heading to a meeting now with those countries that have met their 2% GOALS, followed by meetings with Denmark and Italy....
Great progress has been made by NATO over the last three years. Countries other than the U.S. have agreed to pay 130 Billion Dollars more per year, and by 2024, that number will be 400 Billion Dollars. NATO will be richer and stronger than ever before....
Enjoyed my meeting with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson of the United Kingdom at @10DowningStreet last night. Talked about numerous subjects including @NATO and Trade.
RT @RoyalFamily: 📷An official photograph of Her Majesty The Queen, The Prince of Wales, NATO Secretary General and Heads of State and Gov...
RT @TeamTrump: There's no denying that since @realDonaldTrump took office, @NATO has been significantly stronger.The president secured $1...
RT @TeamTrump: Tomorrow, Democrats will get THREE constitutional lawyers and Republicans will only get ONE!This entire process is unfair...
RT @GOPChairwoman: Thanks to @realDonaldTrump’s efforts with #NATO:*$130B in new defense spending*the biggest increase in a generation...
"RT @Jim_Jordan: ""Jordan: Democrats didn't admit they were wrong about Russia, just moved on to Ukraine""@TuckerCarlson https://t.co/l9tUFo..."
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you Sarah! ❤️ https://t.co/z613XMrLUx
RT @AmericaNewsroom: THE HEADLINER: @Jim_Jordan comments on the Republican reaction to the House Judiciary Committee's witness list for Wed...
Thank you! https://t.co/KDVaYDKZLa
RT @kayleighmcenany: Paid family leave is vitally important to the prosperity of our workforce &amp, well-being of our families!@IvankaTrump...
RT @jensstoltenberg: Excellent start to #NATOmeeting in London with President @realDonaldTrump. We are adapting NATO to new challenges &amp, ar...
RT @EsperDoD: It was a pleasure to take part in a breakfast hosted by @POTUS w/@NATO Secretary General @jensstoltenberg to discuss the prog...
RT @Mike_Pence: President @realDonaldTrump has Made America Great Again and now it’s time to #KeepAmericaGreat! See you tomorrow, Michigan!...
RT @VP: Thanks to President @realDonaldTrump’s leadership, we’re living in the BEST economy in the history of the United States! https://t....
RT @VP: President @realDonaldTrump has been putting American workers first since day one and when the playing field is level, they can comp...
RT @Scavino45: Watching Schiff hold an embarrassing Impeachment Sham press conference in THE SWAMP from my phone, while President @realDona...
RT @Jim_Jordan: Doesn’t matter what the Dems write. 4 facts will never change:-The call transcript shows no linkage-President Trump and...
RT @Jim_Jordan: Between July 18th when aid was paused and Sept 11th when it was released, there were 5 interactions between President Zelen...
RT @Jim_Jordan: 2 of those 5 meetings happened AFTER Ukraine learned aid was paused:-VP Pence met President Zelensky on 9/1-Sens. Johnso...
Too bad. We will miss you Kamala! https://t.co/QQd9SiFc0y
RT @GOPLeader: In his pursuit to bring down this president, Chairman Adam Schiff has neglected his real responsibilities. Instead of workin...
RT @GOP: “We’re working on the USMCA. We're trying to get Nancy Pelosi to put it up for a vote... It's a great deal for everybody. So hopeful...
RT @VP: What’s happening on Capitol Hill is a disgrace and the fact that it’s happening during a @NATO Conference in London is a disservice...
RT @PressSec: Well said. There is so much work left do be done. Let’s move past this impeachment farce, follow the lead of @realDonaldTrump...
RT @WattersWorld: . @realDonaldTrump won't get the nomination, Trump won't win, Stock Market will tank, Russia Collusion...These are the st...
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump will host a Keep America Great rally on Tuesday, December 10, at 7:00 pm (EST) at the Giant Cente...
Nancy Pelosi won’t put it up for a vote. Has delayed it for 6 months. See you in #2020! https://t.co/lOrWm9u10r
I will be representing our Country in London at NATO, while the Democrats are holding the most ridiculous Impeachment hearings in history. Read the Transcripts, NOTHING was done or said wrong! The Radical Left is undercutting our Country. Hearings scheduled on same dates as NATO!
Robert Johnson knows business &amp, politics. He also understands lowest African American Unemployment in U.S. history! https://t.co/NalNOFG53T
RT @thehill: JUST IN: Top Judiciary Republican calls on committee to expand list of impeachment witnesses ahead of next week's hearing http...
And the Do Nothing Democrats want to impeach President Trump? https://t.co/i3tPDJtuuA
Thank you to @BuckMcNeely1 and Oliver North for the nice words and thoughts in an excellent interview. Best wishes!
RT @CLewandowski_: Kamala Harris aide says in resignation letter: 'I've never seen staff treated so poorly' | TheHill. If this was the ⁦@re...
RT @SBAgov: #DidYouKnow small businesses create 2 out of every 3 net new jobs in the United States? 😮Show your support for entrepreneurs...
Just returned to the United States after spending a GREAT Thanksgiving with our Courageous American Warriors in Afghanistan! https://t.co/b2vgY5BH6z
RT @DiamondandSilk: .@DiamondandSilk talk about their experience at the Black Voices For Trump event along with the Itch of the week that n...
I thought Newsweek was out of business? https://t.co/3ro4eSJloo
HAPPY THANKSGIVING! https://t.co/7SGZnHindW
RT @GOPChairwoman: Thank you for your sacrifice and service!https://t.co/dBj2wIgI2U
RT @WhiteHouse: This Thanksgiving, we are thankful to all who wear our Nation's uniform, allowing us to celebrate in safety and peace. http...
HAPPY THANKSGIVING! https://t.co/2GoxJEk6fN
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""THEREFORE, I, DONALD J. TRUMP, President of the United States of America, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the C..."
RT @WhiteHouse: Congress broke for Thanksgiving late last week. Thanks to the far left’s impeachment stunt, the House has been effectively...
New Stock Market Record today, AGAIN. Congratulations USA!
People now realize it is a Democrat Hoax! https://t.co/6O3lFa2wU7
RT @piersmorgan: 🤣🤣 https://t.co/jMcYyqwfiU
RT @EricTrump: What an amazing night in Florida! #USAUSAUSA https://t.co/EpPwXoCBOO
https://t.co/11nzKwOCtU
RT @GOPChairwoman: Overwhelmingly strong support for @realDonaldTrump in a DEM county in battleground Florida.His supporters are already...
GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.! #MAGAhttps://t.co/CYkQGHAgcx
https://t.co/Jd7IbQBUvu
THANK YOU FLORIDA! #KAG2020 https://t.co/mNB4KMEj9u
“OMB Official: Ukraine Aid Held Up Because Other Countries Weren't Giving” https://t.co/nYwMq3M5SB
https://t.co/1EYKod0tee
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: President @realDonaldTrump Pardons the National Thanksgiving Turkey https://t.co/UjbVbghSiS
...love to have Mike Pompeo, Rick Perry, Mick Mulvaney and many others testify about the phony Impeachment Hoax. It is a Democrat Scam that is going nowhere but, future Presidents should in no way be compromised. What has happened to me should never happen to another President!
...lawyer has already stated that I did nothing wrong. John Bolton is a patriot and may know that I held back the money from Ukraine because it is considered a corrupt country, &amp, I wanted to know why nearby European countries weren’t putting up money also. Likewise, I would....
The D.C. Wolves and Fake News Media are reading far too much into people being forced by Courts to testify before Congress. I am fighting for future Presidents and the Office of the President. Other than that, I would actually like people to testify. Don McGahn’s respected....
RT @DailyCaller: President @realDonaldTrump signs the Women’s Suffrage Centennial Commemorative Coin Act which will direct the U.S. Treasur...
RT @DailyCaller: Adam Schiff Challenger Jennifer Barbosa Attacks Him For Chasing Impeachment While Allegedly Ignoring Homeless People In Ca...
RT @DailyCaller: The Tide Is Turning Against Democrats On Impeachment https://t.co/xpUwqz2JP1
RT @DailyCaller: Poll: Independents Flip On Impeachment, Now Opposed After First Two Weeks Of Public Hearings. https://t.co/hjwicx0Pys
"RT @MZHemingway: @VanityFair ""By massive margins, Independents say that the impeachment issue is 'more important to politicians than it is..."
When the Military rips down an old &amp, badly broken Border Wall in an important location, &amp, replaces it with a brand new 30 ft. high Steel &amp, Concrete Wall, Nancy Pelosi says we are not building a Wall. Wrong, and it is going up fast. Brandon Judd just gave us great marks! @FoxNews
I will always protect our great warfighters. I’ve got your backs!
Great job Heather! https://t.co/8OX8wkug4t
RT @HeatherChilders: Is there a 2020 Democrat who can compete on the economy? - University of Maryland business professor @PMorici1 weighs...
RT @JennaEllisEsq: As this sham continues, remember this is supposedly an impeachment hearing — not a personnel hearing, not a policy debat...
“Poll shows Dems losing interest in Impeachment inquiry all across the board. These Polls are actually devastating to the Democrats. But the writing was on the wall. He’s done so many great things. He’s devastated ISIS &amp, killed AlBaghdadi, building Wall.” Jason Meister @FoxNews
"RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: ""We are acting, not talking."" https://t.co/kirjAveUiw"
"RT @GOPChairwoman: Pelosi herself said impeachment must be “compelling,” “overwhelming,” and ""bipartisan.”After 2 weeks of sham hearings,..."
RT @GeraldoRivera: As Democrats charge forward on #Impeachment of @realDonaldTrump despite certainty of defeat, don’t let them forget phony...
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump will host a Keep America Great rally TOMORROW at 7:00 PM EST at @thebbtcenter in Sunrise, Florida...
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump met with Prime Minister @BoykoBorissov earlier today on measures to strengthen the strategic par...
RT @EricTrump: Great job ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ and ⁦@LaraLeaTrump⁩! Donald Trump signs animal cruelty bill targeting 'heinous and sadistic'...
RT @realDonaldTrump: “DOW, NASDAQ, S&amp,P 500 CLOSE AT RECORD HIGHS” https://t.co/q8IuuuUGjb
“Democrats committed to impeaching Trump for no reason.” Will backfire into big 2020 Victory for Republicans! @IngrahamAngle
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump signed the Women’s Suffrage Centennial Commemorative Coin Act! @USTreasury will issue $1 coins commemorat...
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump just signed the Preventing Animal Cruelty and Torture (PACT) Act into law—which makes it a Feder...
“DOW, NASDAQ, S&amp,P 500 CLOSE AT RECORD HIGHS” https://t.co/q8IuuuUGjb
RT @WhiteHouse: Congratulations to all of the @NCAA National Champions! 🏆 https://t.co/9OIZQqiT5Z
https://t.co/BETsNAWsNs
Another new Stock Market Record. Enjoy!
“The Democrats are getting hit and slammed on Impeachment. It is getting less and less popular by the day.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends
Support for Impeachment is dropping like a rock, down into the 20’s in some Polls. Dems should now get down to work and finally approve USMCA, and much more!
“President Trump is facing a process which is unprecedented for its unfairness.” Sam Dewey
RT @realDonaldTrump: Agnes, your great boy Ronald is looking down, very proud of you! https://t.co/BHPu6IIdAN
RT @KatrinaPierson: “Trump 2020 baby!”@realDonaldTrump will win in 2020, and he’s going to do it with the help of millions of Black voter...
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump welcomed outstanding student athletes and coaches from all over the Nation to the White House fo...
RT @GOPChairwoman: “That he is unconventional is not a bad thing for me. Heck, it’s why I voted for him.”Fantastic read from @SalenaZito...
....honors that he has earned, including his Trident Pin. Admiral and now Ambassador to Norway Ken Braithwaite will be nominated by me to be the new Secretary of the Navy. A man of great achievement and success, I know Ken will do an outstanding job!
....contracting procedures were not addressed to my satisfaction. Therefore, Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer’s services have been terminated by Secretary of Defense Mark Esper. I thank Richard for his service &amp, commitment. Eddie will retire peacefully with all of the.....
I was not pleased with the way that Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher’s trial was handled by the Navy. He was treated very badly but, despite this, was completely exonerated on all major charges. I then restored Eddie’s rank. Likewise, large cost overruns from past administration’s.....
Democrats going back to their Districts for Thanksgiving are getting absolutely hammered by their constituents over the phony Impeachment Scam. Republicans will have a great #2020 Election!
“The whole Russia thing was a Hoax, and the Ukraine thing is a Hoax, and the Democrats are a Joke. This is a disaster for them!” @DevinNunes @FoxNews The Do Nothing Democrats are hurting our Country, and they don’t care!
The Impeachment Scam is driving Republican Poll Numbers UP, UP, UP! Thank you Shifty.
RT @MZHemingway: The first phase of impeachment did not go well for Democrats. It needed to be a time when support for the inquiry and impe...
This is a great and well reseached book on Justice K. The Ruth Marcus book is a badly written &amp, reseached disaster. So many incorrect facts. Fake News, just like the @washingtonpost! https://t.co/i6GwghuEsU
RT @RepWalorski: And yet, one thing remains the same: House Democrats have wanted to impeach the president since day one. These hearings ha...
RT @HouseCommerce: As I have said before - no president has leaned in more than @realDonaldTrump on lowering drug costs for the American pe...
Witch Hunt! https://t.co/CvZtyHMsGo
RT @FrancoOrdonez: Immigration Hardliners Fight For Cuccinelli To Be Next DHS Secretary : NPR https://t.co/csVNSlfro9
RT @RoScarborough: Nunes to sue CNN, Daily Beast over ‘demonstrably false’ stories he sought dirt on Biden - https://t.co/MqPwlasYbK - @was...
RT @GregGutfeldShow: Adam Schiff takes a Rorschach test. #Gutfeld https://t.co/khtdFVRHpv
RT @GregGutfeldShow: Adam Schiff tries stand-up comedy. #Gutfeld https://t.co/8bu4cSHb9q
RT @GregGutfeldShow: WATCH: Greg's latest monologue. #Gutfeld https://t.co/3nV60FCQ5g
RT @marklevinshow: Here's a preview of tonight's Life, Liberty and Levin on Fox News at 8pm eastern. https://t.co/lhR6Uh8pXt
RT @AndrewPollackFL: Michael Bloomberg’s accomplishments:Banning big gulp sodasBeing the worst NYC mayor after Bill de BlasioTrashing...
RT @AndrewPollackFL: Wow! Thanks everyone for supporting Help Meadow Save the Day! It’s almost in the top 50 sales ranking on Barnes &amp, No...
RT @AndrewPollackFL: The California Supreme Court is the only piece of government in the state that has any common sense left.President T...
RT @MZHemingway: Oh dear. Hunter Biden-linked company received $130M in special federal loans while Joe Biden was vice president https://t....
RT @WayneDupreeShow: This whole Ukraine thing is about to blow up in Dems face so big time.https://t.co/D668vbxzUA
RT @PeteHegseth: Huge CONGRATS to new mom @JedediahBila &amp, hubby Jeremy! Welcome baby Hartley to the @foxandfriends family. So glad all is w...
RT @BuckSexton: Simply mind boggling that here we are, heading into year 4 of the Trump presidency, in a time of tremendous American econom...
RT @BuckSexton: Russia invaded eastern Ukraine,  picked off Crimea, and shot an airliner out of the sky killing hundreds of civilians *WHIL...
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: For perspective THIS X 1000!!! Wonder why? https://t.co/Juz7piWvCH
RT @BuckSexton: Be prepared for bureaucrats at FBI to claim sheer incompetence as their defense to whatever comes out of the Horowitz probe...
RT @BuckSexton: People need to stop making Democrats look like a bunch of crazy Left wing extremists by quoting them and sharing their offi...
RT @ByronYork: NPR reviews new Glenn Simpson book. Says Steele dossier 'found its way to news organizations.' Why obscure what happened? In...
RT @SebGorka: What did Forrest Gump’s mama say about stupid people ? https://t.co/z1OSff5NqH
"RT @bdomenech: ""By massive margins, Independents say that the impeachment issue is “more important to politicians than it is to me” (62% to..."
RT @DailyCaller: .@ewarren lies about the fact that she sent her kids to private school. “I read that your children went to private schoo...
But I did nothing wrong. Read the Transcripts (2)! https://t.co/Ef9O5kOgrg
100% Correct! https://t.co/VJfkmaraGV
RT @RepRobertHurt: Great to have my brother @charleshurt join us for @LibertyU Convocation this week.https://t.co/mLM1hGn2gy
Agnes, your great boy Ronald is looking down, very proud of you! https://t.co/BHPu6IIdAN
RT @RealSaavedra: New RNC ad uses Democrats' own words on impeachment against them https://t.co/GDm8xgJ0wR
Exclusive: Elise Stefanik Reflects on Her Two-Week Whirlwind https://t.co/5SownqVBuD
RT @townhallcom: This whole thing is tearing our country apart. https://t.co/AW2lWvNRxM
The Unspoken Truth: What Impeachment Exposed About Trump and 2020 https://t.co/pYTYBcD55I
RT @KatiePavlich: Looking forward to “Adam Schiff tries to act angry” on the @greggutfeld show
This is the real story behind the Do Nothing Democrats! https://t.co/4tPTICdSR1
RT @LouDobbs: A tremendous week. @POTUS says he ‘wants’ a full senate trial following the dems’ disastrous impeachment hearings. @PressSec...
RT @LouDobbs: Case Closed! @SaraCarterDC @CharlesHurt say the radical Dems have no case or evidence to impeach @POTUS. #MAGA #AmericaFirst...
Too bad we didn’t have the G-7 here. I offered to pick up the entire cost, would have saved at least $35,000,000 for the USA. Best location. Very stupid people thought I would gain. Wrong! Looking at Camp David. Will announce soon. https://t.co/8RF7IHVyxN
Polls have now turned very strongly against Impeachment, especially in swing states. 75% to 25%. Thank you!
Nancy Pelosi, Adam Schiff, AOC and the rest of the Democrats are not getting important legislation done, hence, the Do Nothing Democrats. USMCA, National Defense Authorization Act, Gun Safety, Prescription Drug Prices, &amp, Infrastructure are dead in the water because of the Dems!
Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher will be on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:30 A.M. Have no fear, all will end well for everyone!
....Sondland said Trump told him. None of this will move the needle for anyone. And now Dems in Swing Districts head home for Thanksgiving to hear from voters. Pelosi &amp, Co. are putting on a show to appease the Democratic base instead of doing the work ALL Americans need done.”
....ANY DIRECT EVIDENCE THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP DID ANYTHING IMPEACHABLE. No one heard him order a quid pro quo. No one offered a convincing reason why Trump’s interest in having Ukraine probe potential cortuption warrants Impeachment. “I want no Quid Pro Quo” Ambassador....
....Sondland said Trump told him. None of this will move the needle for anyone. And now Dems in Swing Districts head home for Thanksgiving to hear from voters. Pelosi &amp, Co. are putting on a show to appease the Democratic base instead if doing the work ALL Americans need done.”
NEW YORK POST EDITORIAL. “Worse Than Pointless. All those hours of televised testimony plainly failed on their announced goal: to change American’s minds. Part of the problem is that Democrats already leaked the best evidence they had. More important, NOT ONE WITNESS OFFERED.....
Daniel Cameron, who just won the A.G. race in the Great Commonwealth of Kentucky, is a young and very talented political star. You will be hearing much from Cameron in the years to come!
.....Brennan, too. And the Whistleblower also worked for Susan Rice. It’s an understatement to say that this is a Witch Hunt.” @IngrahamAngle  They spied on my campaign!
“The Democrats dirty tricks have started this whole thing. The Whistleblower, the guy who took his case to Schiff’s staff first, is what really blows the lid off this entire saga. He worked for Biden on Ukraine policy when Biden was VP. He worked for deep state henchman John
Daniel Cameron, who just won the A.G. race in the Great Commonwealth of Kentucky, is a young and very talented political star. You will be hearing much from Cameron in the yesrs to come!
Joe Concha, The Hill: “In Emerson College Poll, Impeachment among independents, 49% Oppose, 34% Support. You see why Pelosi is reluctant to go in with this. Dems have to go home and explain why they haven’t done something on Opioid crisis, drug prices, USMCA, the Border, etc.
Adam Schiff will be compelled to testify should the Democrats decide, despite the fact that my presidential conversations were totally appropriate (perfect), to go forward with the Impeachment Hoax. Polls have now turned very strongly against Impeachment!
“The support for Impeachment is not there. I think the Democrats will have to come up with a new game plan.” @jasoninthehouse @FoxNews
RT @ByronYork: Schiff says when Republicans use phrase 'Russia hoax,' they are denying Russian interference. Untrue. Obvious fact: When Rep...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Potentially huge. Stay tuned... “Horowitz reportedly finds evidence FBI lawyer falsified FISA doc”https://t.co/RzSF3...
RT @Jim_Jordan: “Jim Jordan says facts are on Trump's side after week of public impeachment hearings”@BretBaier https://t.co/gBPNYvYPjW
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Wow - Impeachment way under water with independents. 49% oppose, only 34% support.The American people see through thi...
https://t.co/Mn4EJ7Jbh8
...House Republicans are showing real LEADERSHIP and prepared to enact bipartisan solutions for drug prices. Do Nothing Democrats are playing partisan politics with YOUR drug prices! We are READY to work together if they actually want to get something done!
...Pelosi and her Do Nothing Democrats drug pricing bill doesn’t do the trick. FEWER cures! FEWER treatments! Time for the Democrats to get serious about bipartisan solutions to lowering prescription drug prices for families...
...While we had the first prescription drug price decrease in 50 years, Americans still pay far too much for drugs – other countries pay far less – that is WRONG! We will soon be putting more options on the table...
.@SecAzar and I will soon release a plan to let Florida and other States import prescription drugs that are MUCH CHEAPER than what we have now! Hard-working Americans don’t deserve to pay such high prices for the drugs they need. We are fighting DAILY to make sure this HAPPENS...
Thank you to @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy for their Great Leadership! There has never been so much unity and spirit in the Republican Party, as there is right now!
"RT @realDonaldTrump: SCHIFF'S ""FACT"" WITNESSES! https://t.co/Pab2y1BVoN"
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:00 A.M. I know that there’s not much to talk about, but we will try to keep the conversation going. Enjoy! @SteveDoocy @ainsleyearhardt @kilmeade
“Former FBI Employee Accused of Altering FISA Documents.” Hello, here we go! @foxandfriends
"RT @realDonaldTrump: SCHIFF'S ""FACT"" WITNESSES! https://t.co/Pab2y1BVoN"
RT @EliseStefanik: We just raised 250k in 15 MINUTES. THANK YOU! help us get to 500k TONIGHT go to https://t.co/LDFwTKSRnY to join the figh...
RT @EliseStefanik: Bottom line: Adam Schiff failed to bring ANY evidence for impeaching @realDonaldTrump. WATCH me on @seanhannity tonight👇...
RT @EliseStefanik: Today we heard from Amb. Sondland that @realdonaldtrump told him: “No quid pro quo. I want nothing.” No evidence of im...
RT @GOPChairwoman: Reminder for Democrats crying crocodile tears about a brief halt in aid:In 2014, Ukraine’s president went before Congr...
RT @GOPChairwoman: Public polls are matching what we’ve seen in our internals:@realDonaldTrump’s approval is the highest it’s been since...
"RT @seanhannity: .@realDonaldTrump: ""It’s a hoax. It’s a disgrace. It’s an embarrassment to our country. Nancy Pelosi has done a terrible j..."
RT @JesseBWatters: The hoax is OVER. It's done. They tried and failed. They didn't have one witness to testify that President @realdonaldtr...
RT @GeraldoRivera: Re #CollusionHoax it’s not @realDonaldTrump denying #Russia interfered w our 2016 election. It’s Democrats &amp, house media...
RT @parscale: Adam Schiff is running the Democrat sham impeachment but now it’s time you got your say!BULL-SCHIFF!Get your 100% cotton...
RT @TeamTrump: In 2016, President @realDonaldTrump asked African Americans, “What do you have to lose?”In 2020, it is now “imagine all th...
RT @GOPChairwoman: House Democrats have been trying to invalidate the will of the American people since Day 1. We won’t let them take awa...
RT @GeraldoRivera: And so it begins. If #CNN exclusive is confirmed, big trouble at the #FBI Allegation according to @evanperez their excel...
RT @TeamTrump: .@LaraLeaTrump and @parscale bring Team Trump to Oregon and Arizona to rally supporters!Arizona is ready to stay red in 20...
https://t.co/h92LyjD0Eh
Thank you @EliseStefanik and @SteveScalise, GREAT JOB! https://t.co/K8qQbCAXbj
https://t.co/HvYx12NUkS
MARK LEVIN ON IMPEACHMENT HYSTERIA! https://t.co/sFT4qGqajO
RT @MariaBartiromo: https://t.co/0C9RAE0ALX join me for my exclusive tomorrow w @carterwpage @MorningsMaria @FoxBusiness 6-9am et. Find out...
"""SCHIFF'S CHARADE"" @SeanHannity https://t.co/Go2HsiEyTT"
"SCHIFF'S ""FACT"" WITNESSES! https://t.co/Pab2y1BVoN"
RT @senatemajldr: Every time the Trump administration meets Speaker Pelosi halfway on the USMCA, she tries to move the goalposts. The Speak...
RT @GOPLeader: .@RepStefanik just called out Democrats for their lies about Republican support in holding Russia accountable for election m...
RT @GOPoversight: The American people expect fairness. @RepAdamSchiff's #impeachmentcircus has been anything but fair.Thankfully, this ci...
RT @Jim_Jordan: 13 conversations that Ambassador Taylor remembered.But he didn’t remember Mr. Holmes briefing him about a call that was “...
RT @RepDougCollins: When you're trying to overturn 63 million votes and take down a sitting president, you better come up with something mo...
RT @GOPoversight: Democrats have brought in numerous witnesses to testify about matters completely unrelated to the heart of their impeachm...
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: This was an enlightening exchange btw HOLMES &amp, @RepRatcliffe:Holmes could hear the Ukraine portion of the call btw Tr...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: A notable theme in these hearings: some career officials seem to act as though their job is to decide America’s foreign...
RT @Jim_Jordan: A 40 minute opening statement from a guy who overheard a phone call that was “a couple minutes.”THIS is the Democrats’ la...
....They want ZERO transparency, thinking the world will not find out the death and tragedy that the Iranian Regime is causing!
Iran has become so unstable that the regime has shut down their entire Internet System so that the Great Iranian people cannot talk about the tremendous violence taking place within the country....
.....President Trump said the Ukraine President should just do the right thing (No Quid Pro Quo). You shouldn’t charge, but you cannot convict, a sitting president on the basis of conflicting and ambiguous evidence, and destabilize the American Government.” Thank you Ken!
Ken Starr, Former Independent Counsel: “Does this reach the level of treason, bribery or other high crimes and misdemeanors? My assessment of the evidence so far, NO WHERE CLOSE. The evidence is conflicting &amp, ambiguous. Ambassador Sondland’s testimony stated that....
I have been watching people making phone calls my entire life. My hearing is, and has been, great. Never have I been watching a person making a call, which was not on speakerphone, and been able to hear or understand a conversation. I’ve even tried, but to no avail. Try it live!
Read the two Transcripts of Ukrainian calls!
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Republican Party, and me, had a GREAT day yesterday with respect to the phony Impeachment Hoax, &amp, yet, when I got...
The Navy will NOT be taking away Warfighter and Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher’s Trident Pin. This case was handled very badly from the beginning. Get back to business!
“The new House Resolution gives Adam Schiff (the most dishonest man in politics) the power unilaterally to release edited transcripts. Rule 10 gives Chairman Schiff absolutely no jurisdiction. Subpoenas issued as part of Dems’ Impeachment inquiry are illegal.” Sam Dewey @FoxNews
.....But we are winning big, and they will soon be on our turf.
Corrupt politician Adam Schiff’s lies are growing by the day. Keep fighting tough, Republicans, you are dealing with human scum who have taken Due Process and all of the Republican Party’s rights away from us during the most unfair hearings in American History......
I never in my wildest dreams thought my name would in any way be associated with the ugly word, Impeachment! The calls (Transcripts) were PERFECT, there was NOTHING said that was wrong. No pressure on Ukraine. Great corruption &amp, dishonesty by Schiff on the other side!
“Freed Taliban hostages arrive in Germany.” @foxandfriends  @FoxNews @OANN  We got them back!
.....President before. What they are doing is not legal. But I’m clean, and when I release my financial statement (my decision) sometime prior to Election, it will only show one thing - that I am much richer than people even thought - And that is a good thing. Jobs, Jobs, Jobs!
Bob Mueller, after spending two years and 45 million dollars, went over all of my financials, &amp, my taxes, and found nothing. Now the Witch Hunt continues with local New York Democrat prosecutors going over every financial deal I have ever done. This has never happened to a.....
The Republican Party, and me, had a GREAT day yesterday with respect to the phony Impeachment Hoax, &amp, yet, when I got home to the White House &amp, checked out the news coverage on much of television, you would have no idea they were reporting on the same event. FAKE &amp, CORRUPT NEWS!
During my visit yesterday to Austin, Texas, for the startup of the new Mac Pro, &amp, the discussion of a new one $billion campus, also in Texas, I asked Tim Cook to see if he could get Apple involved in building 5G in the U.S. They have it all - Money, Technology, Vision &amp, Cook!l
Why do @ShannonBream &amp, @FoxNews waste airtime on Democrat Rep. Eric Swalwell, who recently left the Presidential Primaries having attained a grand number of ZERO in the polls. I don’t even know how that is possible. Fox should stay with the people that got them there, not losers!
https://t.co/osezECwPO1
Poll: Trump leads top 2020 Democrats in Wisconsin https://t.co/P7z7Si8I0h.
RT @realDonaldTrump: Impeachment Witch Hunt is now OVER! Ambassador Sondland asks U.S. President (me): “What do you want from Ukraine? I ke...
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....”I WANT NOTHING! I WANT NOTHING! I WANT NO QUID PRO QUO! TELL PRESIDENT ZELENSKY TO DO THE RIGHT THING!” Later, Am...
“All four of Gordon Sondland’s lawyers are Democrat Donors.” @TuckerCarlson  Despite this, big win today for Republicans!
Watch @TuckerCarlson, @seanhannity, @IngrahamAngle. Big News! @FoxNews
https://t.co/ytr7dRvbUc https://t.co/G6lGfyxSUs
If this were a prizefight, they’d stop it!
Today I opened a major Apple Manufacturing plant in Texas that will bring high paying jobs back to America. Today Nancy Pelosi closed Congress because she doesn’t care about American Workers!
"RT @GOPLeader: With every question that @RepStefanik asks, Democrats' sham impeachment gets weaker and weaker.Q: ""You testified, 'Preside..."
RT @GOPoversight: President Obama gave Ukraine blankets. President Trump gave Ukraine missiles. https://t.co/6oebtm3hMf
RT @Jim_Jordan: President Trump: “I want NOTHING. I want no quid pro quo. I want Zelensky to do what he ran on.” https://t.co/x9Y3cbz8Kw
"RT @RepMarkMeadows: Wow.@RepMikeTurner: ""Mr. Sondland, let's be clear: no one on this planet—not Donald Trump, Rudy Guiliani, Mick Mulvan..."
RT @RepMattGaetz: “All I heard about the call, is that it was a good call.” #impeachmenthearing https://t.co/cRmM4c7IWN
RT @GOPLeader: .@Jim_Jordan calls it like it is:The Ukrainians got a call from the President.The Ukrainians got a meeting with the Presi...
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: 🚨🚨🚨 STORY OF THE SONDLAND HEARING 🚨🚨🚨Courtesy of @RepMikeTurner ➡️Q: No one else on this planet told you that Donal...
I WANT NOTHING! https://t.co/KKUfwSIRAi
....”I WANT NOTHING! I WANT NOTHING! I WANT NO QUID PRO QUO! TELL PRESIDENT ZELENSKY TO DO THE RIGHT THING!” Later, Ambassador Sondland said that I told him, “Good, go tell the truth!” This Witch Hunt must end NOW. So bad for our Country!
Impeachment Witch Hunt is now OVER! Ambassador Sondland asks U.S. President (me): “What do you want from Ukraine? I keep hearing all these different ideas &amp, theories. What do you want? It was a very abrupt conversation. He was not in a good mood. He (the President) just said,”...
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump delivers a statement on the sham impeachment process: https://t.co/XBoUNfRV4a
We join families of Kevin King &amp, Tim Weeks in celebrating their release from Taliban captivity. Thanks to President Ghani for his courageous support. Let’s hope this leads to more good things on the peace front like a ceasefire that will help end this long war. Proud of my team!
https://t.co/HbgEgZsPZ9
RT @RNCResearch: Sondland agrees the president never told him “any preconditions for anything”https://t.co/LUTtELrmZX https://t.co/6ebGGBb...
"RT @BlazeTV: Sondland testifies he asked @realDonaldTrump, ""What do you want [from Ukraine]?""Trump reportedly responded: ""I want nothing,..."
RT @SenateGOP: read the transcript. https://t.co/MKzkki4MFX
RT @GOPLeader: Case closed ⇨ Ambassador Sondland just testified under oath that he NEVER heard the president say there were conditions on a...
RT @SteveScalise: 🚨 BREAKING → Ambassador Sondland: “I don’t recall President Trump ever talking to me about any security assistance. Ever....
"RT @RepMarkMeadows: What this ""bombshell"" hearing is amounting to: - Another witness who never heard anything from the President- Reach..."
RT @SteveScalise: Q: Did @realDonaldTrump ever tell you personally about any pre-conditions for anything?Sondland: No.Q: Any pre-condit...
Nancy Pelosi will go down as the least productive Speaker of the House in history. She is dominated by AOC Plus 3 and the Radical Left. Mexico and Canada, after waiting for 6 months to be approved, are ready to flee - and who can blame them? Too bad!
“White House Confidence Grows As Hearings Wear On.” @WashTimes  This is just an attempted takedown of the Republican Party by the Do Nothing Democrats. It will never work. #2020
The three year Hoax continues! https://t.co/Yht2KQb5aW
True. Great job @RepMikeTurner! https://t.co/T0AdyNLuVb
Read the transcripts! https://t.co/gQxYzjWehV
"RT @dcexaminer: Rep. @EliseStefanik: ""No Quid Pro Quo?""Morrison: ""Correct."" ""No Bribery?""""Correct.""""No Extortion?""""Correct.""Ste..."
Thank you Tennessee! https://t.co/MYP1FaJhUx
Congressman Van Drew (D-NJ): We’ve spent millions of Dollars, in my opinion, tons of money, tons of time, tons of hurt, fracturing the Nation apart. I haven’t seen this to be a good thing.”
"RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: .@RepRatcliffe shatters the myths created by the ""whistleblower"" ➡️- no violation of law or executive order- no ment..."
RT @Jim_Jordan: Q: In no way shape or form... did you receive any indication whatsoever that resembled a quid pro quo. Is that correct?”A...
RT @GOPLeader: WATCH —&gt, Amb. Volker just took apart Democrats’ ENTIRE case. @RepMikeTurner: Did he ever say to you that he was not going...
RT @JesseBWatters: A new poll has Independents opposing the impeachment of President @realdonaldtrump 10% more. This is not working with th...
RT @parscale: What we've learned today from the Democrats sham impeachment hearings:❌NO QUID PRO QUO❌NO BRIBERY❌NO EXTORTIONIn shor...
A great day for Republicans, a great day for our Country!
I agree, but in the end we will win and save our Country from certain destruction! https://t.co/CPjdxq5hXT
RT @SenateGOP: It’s time for Democrats to *do their job* and ratify #USMCAnow. https://t.co/G4lL6lP5EG
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Chairman Schiff is clearly not getting the answers he wants from Volker and Morrison to close this hearing.Both conti...
"RT @RepMarkMeadows: So far today we have Vindman, who never met or spoke to POTUS, testifying of alarming ""demands"" in the 7/25 call3 wit..."
RT @JesseBWatters: This is what was asked today. Was there a bribe? No. Did anybody ask you to bribe anyone? No. Was there extortion? No. T...
RT @RepJimBanks: Very bad day for @RepAdamSchiff, @SpeakerPelosi and Democrats. #ImpeachmentSham is crumbling. Another witness just told...
"RT @SteveScalise: The Dems' new ""bribery"" narrative is unraveling quickly.More witnesses confirmed today that they were never asked to br..."
https://t.co/z0I7wBsgTP
RT @MikeKellyPA: The facts are with @POTUS @realDonaldTrump. This charade has never been more than political theater and the American peopl...
RT @RepMarkGreen: I will speak up for my constituents in Tennessee who have had enough of this impeachment charade and want Congress to act...
RT @RepDougCollins: The Founding Fathers warned against what Democrats are doing—political impeachment simply because they don't like a pre...
RT @WhiteHouse: Since the day President @realDonaldTrump took office, House Democrats have ignored working Americans to focus on their only...
RT @Scavino45: https://t.co/Jm5JdYcKml
RT @RepSmucker: What is crystal clear during these #ImpeachmentHearings are the FACTS ARE ON THE PRESIDENTS SIDE!Nothing has changed. Not...
RT @RepLaMalfa: Following this week, there are only 2 remaining weeks Congress is scheduled to be in session this year.While @SpeakerPelo...
RT @SteveScalise: Important reminder from @RepStefanik: The President sets U.S. foreign policy, not unelected staff. https://t.co/GjAETob5jm
RT @RepJimBanks: .@RepRatcliffe nails it.Democrats poll-tested, and they found that the crime of “bribery” alarms voters the most. The on...
RT @RepRatcliffe: In the 3,500 pages of transcripts released so far, there was only one reference to bribery. Ironically to describe Vice P...
RT @Scavino45: 🚨#ICYMI: Lt. Col. Vindman was offered the position of Defense Minister for the Ukrainian Government THREE times! #Impeachmen...
RT @GOPoversight: Schiff’s sham impeachment is collapsing. https://t.co/HJpIOmGthm
RT @GOPoversight: FACT CHECK: True. • Republicans are on 🔥• Democrats can’t hide the facts in their secret bunker anymore. • The Presid...
"RT @GOPoversight: 📺 WATCH: @RepChrisStewart lays out the facts:- President Trump made no ""demand"" of President Zelensky. - President Zel..."
RT @Jim_Jordan: Lt. Col. Vindman says he doesn’t know the “Whistleblower’s” identity.@RepAdamSchiff claims he doesn’t know the “Whistlebl...
"RT @SteveScalise: Pelosi now claims this charade is all about ""bribery.""The problem with that focus-group-tested narrative? No witness h..."
RT @SteveScalise: 🚨🚨 Schiff just shut down Ranking Member @DevinNunes to advise one of his star witnesses on how to answer a question about...
RT @RepLeeZeldin: If Adam Schiff &amp, LTC Vindman don’t know who the “whistleblower” is, how would they know that naming the one person LTC Vi...
"RT @RepMarkMeadows: I am struck by Schiff's attempt to characterize President Trump's conversation with President Zelensky as a ""demand."" I..."
RT @RepMarkMeadows: We all have the transcript of the call Schiff is asking Vindman to describe for us. We can all read it because the Whit...
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: 🚨🚨🚨 NO PRESSURE ALERT 🚨🚨🚨Consistent with the statements from Ukrainian leaders, Vindman testifies that he did not hea...
Will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Just finished a very good &amp, cordial meeting at the White House with Jay Powell of the Federal Reserve. Everything was discused including interest rates, negative interest, low inflation, easing, Dollar strength &amp, its effect on manufacturing, trade with China, E.U. &amp, others, etc.
.@SteveScalese blew the nasty &amp, obnoxious Chris Wallace (will never be his father, Mike!) away on Chris’s lowest rated (unless I’m on) morning show. This kind of dumb and unfair interview would never have happened in the @FoxNews past. Great job Steve!
I agree Katrina, Pam Bondi is a great womem! https://t.co/NllcAz0bWB
Louisiana, 3 hours left, get out and Vote for @EddieRispone for Governor. Lower taxes and much more!
RT @EddieRispone: 🚨8 HOURS UNTIL THE POLLS CLOSE🚨1. Go to https://t.co/5gsPBfvdYx.2. Find your polling information.3. Get out and vote...
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Big day in LOUISIANA tomorrow! Get out and VOTE to replace Radical Liberal Democrat John Bel Edwards with a great new...
Big day in LOUISIANA tomorrow! Get out and VOTE to replace Radical Liberal Democrat John Bel Edwards with a great new REPUBLICAN Governor, @EddieRispone! #GeauxVote #LAgov https://t.co/MydmDyuHib
RT @GOPLeader: Before Chairman Adam Schiff gets a chance to make up another phone call between Presidents Trump and Zelensky, @DevinNunes j...
RT @Jim_Jordan: https://t.co/gjRFvN02xO
RT @DanScavino: “Ukrainian FM Vadym Prystaiko said on Thur that the U.S. Amb did not link financial military assistance to a request for Uk...
RT @Jim_Jordan: We now have both the April and July calls between President Trump and President Zelensky. Once again, no linkage of any kin...
"RT @RepMarkMeadows: Bravo from @RepChrisStewart, who just summarized this whole hearing:Q: ""Do you have any information regarding POTUS a..."
RT @Rep_Watkins: Democrats didn’t like the outcome of the 2016 election, so now they’re trying to impeach @realDonaldTrump #KS02 #ksleg h...
"RT @GOPLeader: .@RepStefanik: ""I just want to get it on record. In terms of defensive lethal aid, which you were an advocate for, that was..."
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: .@RepDevinNunes is exactly right: former Ambassador Yovanovitch should not be a witness at an impeachment hearing where...
RT @HouseGOP: Why is Chairman Schiff afraid of @RepStefanik?Why doesn’t he want Republican members to ask questions?Why is he conductin...
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
RT @CongressmanHice: Quick reminder → Ambassador Marie Yovanovitch is yet another person who wasn’t present on the July 25th call – and tha...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: One thing to note:Notice how, so far, the Democrats have been peppering the witness with questions asking her to spec...
RT @RepDLamborn: This witness has absolutely no relevant information. She can't bring any first-hand knowledge of the events and was recall...
RT @RepSmucker: No matter how hard the media and the Democrats try to spin the hearings, these are the facts... #ImpeachingHearings #FactsM...
....A double standard like never seen before in the history of our Country?
So they now convict Roger Stone of lying and want to jail him for many years to come. Well, what about Crooked Hillary, Comey, Strzok, Page, McCabe, Brennan, Clapper, Shifty Schiff, Ohr &amp, Nellie, Steele &amp, all of the others, including even Mueller himself? Didn’t they lie?....
https://t.co/YvlBpfsiTa
We have vacancies in various departments because we do not want or need as many people as past administrations (and save great cost), and also, the Democrats delay the approval process to levels unprecedented in the history of our Country!
https://t.co/qz1OfL56rg
https://t.co/86HWwzDlEo
https://t.co/ObHvebm4ry
https://t.co/XE7ofTy7Sf
https://t.co/0zTfpzHCNK
Another Record Stock Market, 21 times this year, despite an ongoing, &amp, totally unfounded, Witch Hunt, &amp, a Democrat Party that would love to see a nice, big, juicy recession. In actuality, the potential for the United States is unlimited. We will power through the Do Nothing Dems!
....They call it “serving at the pleasure of the President.” The U.S. now has a very strong and powerful foreign policy, much different than proceeding administrations. It is called, quite simply, America First! With all of that, however, I have done FAR more for Ukraine than O.
Everywhere Marie Yovanovitch went turned bad. She started off in Somalia, how did that go? Then fast forward to Ukraine, where the new Ukrainian President spoke unfavorably about her in my second phone call with him. It is a U.S. President’s absolute right to appoint ambassadors.
......filth pouring into the Pacific Ocean is rapidly becoming an environmental hazard, is getting NOTHING DONE. She is a Do Nothing Democrat as Speaker, and will hopefully not be in that position very long. Approve USMCA, which has been sitting on her desk for months!
The Impeachment Witch Hunt should be over with the statement made last night by the President and Foreign Minister of Ukraine. Nervous Nancy Pelosi, who should be home cleaning up the dangerous &amp, disgusting Slum she is making of her District in San Francisco, where even the......
....Ambassador Sondland did not tell us, and certainly did not tell me, about a connection between the assistance and the investigation.” THE FAKE IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY IS NOW DEAD!
Democrats must apologize to USA: Ukrainian Foreign Minister Vadym Prystaiko said that “United States Ambassador Gordon Sondland did NOT link financial military assistance to a request for Ukraine to open up an investigation into former V.P. Joe Biden &amp, his son, Hunter Biden.....
RT @realDonaldTrump: This Saturday, the eyes of history are looking at the people of Louisiana. If you want to defend your values, your job...
This Saturday, the eyes of history are looking at the people of Louisiana. If you want to defend your values, your jobs, and your freedom, then you need to REPLACE Radical Liberal John Bel Edwards with a true Louisiana Patriot: @EddieRispone! #GeauxVote https://t.co/odAuD5DFPB
RT @DanScavino: https://t.co/tckvBQclps https://t.co/WKwdBxOkSb
RT @RepDougCollins: Great news for @GAPoultryFed, @chickencouncil, and poultry farmers across the country! Thank you @realDonaldTrump, @Sec...
RT @Jim_Jordan: TODAY the Ukrainian Foreign Minister, Vadym Prystaiko, verified what we already knew:“I have never seen a direct relation...
RT @Jim_Jordan: Calls &amp, meetings:7/25—Call between @POTUS and Zelensky7/26—Volker &amp, Taylor meet Zelensky8/27—John Bolton meets Zelensky...
RT @Scavino45: “Adam Schiff is wasting the nation's time with impeachment hearings” https://t.co/DsPD85HNtg
Getting ready to land in Louisiana to do Rally with Great Republican @EddieRispone for Governor. He will get your taxes and auto insurance (highest in Country!) way down. Loves our Military &amp, Vets. Will protect your 2nd Amendment. VOTE SATURDAY!
....We send our deepest condolences to the families and friends of those tragically lost, and we pray for the speedy recovery of the wounded.
We continue to monitor the terrible events at Saugus High School in Santa Clarita, California through our ongoing communications with Local, State, and Federal Authorities....
....that the House Democrats have done since she’s become Speaker, other than chase Donald Trump.” This Impeachment Hoax is such a bad precedent and sooo bad for our Country!
RT @GOPoversight: Days since @RepAdamSchiff learned the identity of the whistleblower: 93 https://t.co/lXmokHZ227
....anywhere, so we’ve now had 3 years of the Democrats chasing Donald Trump. Nancy Pelosi’s worried about the American voter looking for someone to blame for that eventually. Look at her own story in the House. What have they done? The average American can’t identify anything...
.@DanHenninger  WSJ: Nancy Pelosi had it right the first time when she did not want to go down the Impeachment path. Make it a voting issue. But no, the Left insisted on raising this to the gravity of a constitutional crisis &amp, Impeachment. The hearings suggested it’s not going...
“That hearing was about a policy dispute.” Robert Ray. “Regular people watching this cannot conclude that the President of the United States can be impeached.” @Varneyco
“Neither one of the Democrat star witnesses at the Impeachment hearings could point out an impeachable offense. That’s the result!” @Varneyco  @FoxBusiness
We now have the greatest Economy in history! https://t.co/8fLOejOpxH
Walmart announces great numbers. No impact from Tariffs (which are contributing $Billions to our Treasury). Inflation low (do you hear that Powell?)!
Hit New Stock Market record again yesterday, the 20th time this year, with GREAT potential for the future. USA is where the action is. Companies and jobs are coming back like never before!
.@RepRatcliffe asked the two “star” witnesses, “where is the impeachable event in that call?” Both stared straight ahead with a blank look on their face, remained silent, &amp, were unable to answer the question. That would be the end of a case run by normal people! - but not Shifty!
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Brilliant job by my colleagues today on the Intel Committee. They clearly highlighted the gaping holes in the Democrats...
RT @RepDougCollins: A live look into Ambassador Taylor’s testimony in the Schiff impeachment proceedings → https://t.co/oiiUgkc8UG
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: They’re using television lawyers. I’m not surprised to see it, Schiff can't ask his own question...
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump gave an update on relations with Turkey at the top of his meeting with President Erdogan. https:...
"RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump on the Democrat's hearing while he was meeting with the leader of Turkey: ""I would much rather fo..."
RT @JesseBWatters: This was a hearsay hearing. These witnesses have never met President @realdonaldtrump and they were not on the call. #Fo...
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump on today's sham hearing: https://t.co/AqaO0JNbCI
RT @JesseBWatters: IF The Ukrainian President was bribed by President @realdonaldtrump, He didn’t know he was being bribed, he didn’t say h...
RT @WhiteHouse: If House Democrats were as committed to helping Americans succeed under President @realDonaldTrump as they are to tearing h...
Wow! Was just told that my son’s book, “Triggered,” is Number One on The New York Times Bestseller List. Congratulations Don!
RT @Scavino45: After the call - Ambassador Taylor met with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky the VERY NEXT DAY!President Zelensky sa...
RT @Jim_Jordan: Mr. Kent affirmed Ukraine has a long-standing history of corruption. And President Trump was deeply skeptical of this cor...
RT @Jim_Jordan: https://t.co/zODJMgmP5F
RT @Scavino45: Moments ago.... https://t.co/XI41TPSHEp https://t.co/u5xlrDRx8p
RT @Scavino45: https://t.co/QqoztunZQk
RT @Scavino45: #ImpeachmentSHAM #SchiffShow https://t.co/DrR2s6vtRc
RT @Scavino45: WOW! SOOO SAD!! Shifty Schiff cuts off @EliseStefanik for wanting to enter the actual transcript of the July 25th call betwe...
RT @Jim_Jordan: Aid was delayed by just 55 days.During that time, we verified that President Zelensky was the real deal. https://t.co/TWJ...
RT @Scavino45: Great question by @RepRatcliffe. No answer given. #ImpeachmentSham https://t.co/OVMGQGfzwU
RT @Scavino45: .@RepChrisStewart: “Welcome to year 4 of the ongoing Impeachment of President @realDonaldTrump...If your Impeachment case...
RT @Scavino45: “We’ve got six people having four conversations in one sentence - and you just told me this is where you got your clear unde...
RT @Scavino45: “This was an abject failure for the Democrats and for Adam Schiff.” @EliseStefanik https://t.co/LhIa0Q8Mb8
Thank you @FranklinGraham. It is a time of “shame” for our Country. The Democrats know what they are doing is wrong! https://t.co/O32ybh04vc
"RT @SteveScalise: ""What I can do here for you today is tell you what I heard from people.""The Dems' star witness just said he had no firs..."
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Listen to @Jim_Jordan review the unbelievable amount of hearsay these allegations are based on. Spread it far and wide....
RT @GOPoversight: • No first-hand knowledge.• Never spoke to President Trump.• Never spoke to Rudy Giuliani.• Never spoke to Mick Mulvan...
RT @HouseGOP: It’s NOT about the facts...It’s NOT about fairness...It’s NOT about finding the truth for the American people...For Hou...
RT @GOPoversight: 📺 WATCH: Democrats ask star witness about alleged quid pro quo. Star witness admits he has no first-hand knowledge of t...
RT @Jim_Jordan: .@RepAdamSchiff is the ONLY member of Congress who knows the identity of the “Whistleblower” who started this entire sham....
RT @RepMattGaetz: Their star witness knows nothing. #ImpeachmentHearings @Jim_Jordan https://t.co/djTTLkvNZo
A great group of Champions! https://t.co/A2ux83427l
RT @GOPoversight: WATCH: @RepAdamSchiff changes the rules in the middle of his #impeachment hearing. We're not surprised.Schiff's impea...
RT @RepKevinBrady: Under @HouseGOP Majority, the @WaysandMeansGOP hearing room was used to improve the lives of Americans with things like...
RT @RepArrington: Today, @HouseDemocrats hijacked our @WaysMeansCmte hearing room for their political impeachment circus.Their obsession...
RT @SteveScalise: Schiff has emerged from his bunker to put on a public show. But the facts haven't changed. - @realDonaldTrump and Zelen...
RT @SteveScalise: Meet the “star witnesses” Adam Schiff called today:- Neither have any firsthand knowledge- Neither spoke to @realDonal...
"RT @TomFitton: If Schiff doesn't know who the ""whistleblower"" is -- how can he protect his identity.  Cover-up!"
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Schiff isn’t even trying to hide it. He is the prosecutor, judge, jury, witness coach &amp, lead story teller of this kangaro...
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""They're trying to stop me, because I'm fighting for you. And I'll never let that happen."" — President @realDonaldTrump htt..."
https://t.co/FJ8gMdh5bX
"RT @GOPLeader: .@Jim_Jordan to Chairman Schiff: ""Of the 435 members of Congress, you are the only Member who knows who the whistleblower is..."
"RT @GOPLeader: WATCH: @DevinNunes: ""After vowing publicly that impeachment requires bipartisan support, Democrats are pushing impeachment..."
RT @HouseGOP: Adam Schiff just claimed he doesn't know the whistleblower's identity.He deliberately mislead the public about his office's...
RT @GOPoversight: FACT CHECK: Neither Ambassador Taylor nor George Kent have first-hand knowledge of a quid pro quo from the President. W...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Reminder: the Chairman was caught misleading a reporter about communication with the whistleblower, barely four weeks a...
RT @GOPLeader: This 👏 is 👏 a 👏 sham 👏→ Democrats are refusing access to important witnesses.→ The President's legal counsel is not allowe...
RT @RepLizCheney: Just minutes after President Trump took his oath of office on Inauguration Day 2017, the Washington Post ran a piece ushe...
RT @RepJimBanks: Today, America will see one party try and overturn the constitutional election of a president of the United States of Amer...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: 4 inconvenient facts for the Democrat impeachment fantasy:- Call transcript shows zero link between aid and political...
RT @GOPoversight: .@RepAdamSchiff's sham #impeachment hearings begin today. But make no mistake, Democrats have been out to get the Presi...
RT @WhiteHouse: New hoax. Same swamp. https://t.co/6byw3BVxFR
READ THE TRANSCRIPT!
NEVER TRUMPERS!
....any laws or did anything wrong, and they have to move away from quid pro quo because there was no quid, and there was no quo. Ukraine got it’s money (3 weeks early), and there was no investigation.” @CharlesHurt @foxandfriends
...the most powerful tool the legislative branch has, Impeachment, &amp, they’ve turned it into a political cudgel, which is not at all what the Founders intended. When you hear Schiff use all these words like quid pro quo, it is because they can’t specify that Donald Trump broke..
“Nancy Pelosi cares more about power than she does about principle. She did not want to go down this road. She realizes this is a huge loser for Democrats. The Founders envisioned the worst people being in politics, yet they couldn’t envision this. You have these people taking...
The Democrats have stacked the deck against President Trump and the Republicans. They have leaked out everything. @SteveDoocy @foxandfriends
“Millions of Americans will see what a partisan sham this whole thing is.” Rush Limbaugh @foxandfriends  Also, why is corrupt politician Schiff allowed to hand over cross examination to a high priced outside lawyer. Did that lawyer ever work for me, which would be a conflict?
RT @DanScavino: https://t.co/BwfxXfm983
....to hurt Donald Trump and we, the people that support him. The Left has never accepted the results of the 2016 Election. They never saw this coming. This is not just about President Trump. They hate everyone he is representing.” @seanhannity @FoxNews  Sean the amazing warrior!
....This is a phony showtrial. There is zero due process, none. It is yet another fraudulent hoax conspiracy theory. It is another Witch Hunt. This is what the Socialist Doemocrat Party has become. There’s not one thing the Democrats have done in the past 3 years except try...
“The circus is coming to town. The corrupt, compromised, coward &amp, congenital liar Adam Schiff Show on Capital Hill, brought to you by his raging psychotic Democrats &amp, the top allies in the Media Mob. Everything you’re going to see in the next two weeks is rigged.....
“This ridiculous Impeachment is a travesty, it’s not an inquiry. Just read the transcript.” @LouDobbs
DACA recipients with arrest records: 53,792! That is a very large proportion of the total. @LouDobbs  Not good, but we will be able to make a deal with the Dems!
RT @IvankaTrump: It is an honor to serve our great Country and fight for America’s workers! 🇺🇸 https://t.co/ZAhfkqDII8
RT @VP: Communities of faith play a vital role in adoption. Under President @realDonaldTrump, we will stand for the freedom of religion and...
RT @WhiteHouse: Under President @realDonaldTrump, unemployment hit its lowest rate in 51 YEARS! Blue-collar jobs are leading the way. 💪 htt...
"RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump tells @EconClubNY ""The best is yet to come"" https://t.co/Au4vD5ADU2"
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump gives a shout-out to @IvankaTrump for her incredible work on #PledgetoAmericasWorkers https://t.c...
"RT @WhiteHouse: Newt Gingrich: ""What you have is a coup being orchestrated by left-wingers in the bureaucracy, left-wingers in the news med..."
A total Impeachment Scam by the Do Nothing Democrats! https://t.co/aFTQe293JF
Many of the people in DACA, no longer very young, are far from “angels.” Some are very tough, hardened criminals. President Obama said he had no legal right to sign order, but would anyway. If Supreme Court remedies with overturn, a deal will be made with Dems for them to stay!
Economy is BOOMING. Seems set to have yet another record day!
I will be releasing the transcript of the first, and therefore more important, phone call with the Ukrainian President before week’s end!
....Ukrainian energy company, and more millions taken from China, and now reports of other companies and countries also giving him big money, are certainly looking very corrupt (to put it mildly!) to me. Both Bidens should be forced to testify in this No Due Process Scam!
.....”no pressure” put on him to investigate Sleepy Joe Biden even though, as President, I have an “obligation” to look into corruption, and Biden’s actions, on tape, about firing the prosecutor, and his son’s taking millions of dollars, with no knowledge or talent, from a.....
Why is such a focus put on 2nd and 3rd hand witnesses, many of whom are Never Trumpers, or whose lawyers are Never Trumpers, when all you have to do is read the phone call (transcript) with the Ukrainian President and see first hand? He and others also stated that there was.....
A great try by @seanspicer. We are all proud of you!
Vote for Sean Spicer on Dancing with the Stars. He is a great and very loyal guy who is working very hard. He is in the quarterfinals - all the way with Sean! #MAGA #KAG https://t.co/uX86dES4C5
“This isn’t about Ukraine. This isn’t about Impeachment. This is about subverting Democracy!” @BillOReilly So true, and led by angry and dishonest people who hate themselves, and must hate our Country!
....want that to be an impeachable offense? Good luck with that!” @JesseBWatters @FoxNews
“The President has until September 30th to give this aid to Ukraine. He gets it out on September 11th., 3 weeks before the deadline. So, we give our ally aid, and Joe Biden is not investigated. Remember that, they get the aid and we get nothing in return. The Democrats....
Schiff and the Dems have created this whole thing, they reverse engineer it. They’ve been vowing to impeach for three years. Why should we listen to them? Why should we want to?”  @greggutfeld @FoxNews
In order to continue being the most Transparent President in history, I will be releasing sometime this week the Transcript of the first, and therefore most important, phone call I had with the President of Ukraine. I am sure you will find it tantalizing!
Just like Schiff fabricated my phone call, he will fabricate the transcripts that he is making and releasing!
Schiff is giving Republicans NO WITNESSES, NO LAWYER &amp, NO DUE PROCESS! It is a totally one sided Witch Hunt. This can’t be making the Democrats look good. Such a farce!
Read the Transcript. It is PERFECT!
"RT @GovMikeHuckabee: Great new book by @BillOReilly ""United States of Trump"" is not stupid, fake ""anonymous"" crap about @realDonaldTrump wi..."
To think I signed the Whistleblower Protection Act! https://t.co/OSmPPcRs7x
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump has a proven record of accomplishments for veterans from reforming the VA to the lowest veteran u...
RT @WhiteHouse: As a candidate, @realDonaldTrump made veterans a centerpiece of his presidential campaign. As President, he restored qualit...
Where is the Whistleblower who gave so much false information? Must testify along with Schiff and others!
Today, we come together as one Nation to salute the Veterans of the United States Armed Forces – the greatest warriors ever to walk on the face of the Earth. Our Veterans risked everything for us. Now, it is our duty to serve and protect THEM every day of our lives! https://t.co/vC3UGvWF9S
Looks good to me! https://t.co/3aHn7y3ZxI
RT @garyplayer: What a night at the season ending @SchwabCupFinale. Congratulations to both @Jeff_Maggert on his @ChampionsTour win and @Sc...
"RT @WhiteHouse: On November 11, we share ""our Nation’s deepest praise and gratitude to every citizen who has worn the uniform of the Americ..."
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""The First Lady and I have come to express the everlasting love and loyalty of 327 million Americans."" https://t.co/suJpBU8..."
RT @WhiteHouse: Today, our Nation comes together to salute the veterans of the United States Armed Forces. https://t.co/hBPoEwkaqz
“The Chinese say (about Trump’s Trade War &amp, Tariffs), ‘he brought us to the table.’ This is the most prosperous economy the world has ever seen, and it’s going to be a very prosperous economy.” Jamie Dimon on @60Minutes  Thank you President Trump &amp, the Republican Party!
Shifty Adam Schiff will only release doctored transcripts. We haven’t even seen the documents and are restricted from (get this) having a lawyer. Republicans should put out their own transcripts! Schiff must testify as to why he MADE UP a statement from me, and read it to all!
The lawyer for the Whistleblower takes away all credibility from this big Impeachment Scam! It should be ended and the Whistleblower, his lawyer and Corrupt politician Schiff should be investigared for fraud!
So with one Rally by me at the end of the campaign, I lift the poll numbers of Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin by 19 points, he just misses, every other Republican in the Commonwealth wins big, and the Fake News blames me for a bad night! OK! By the way, Mississippi won everything!
Will be meeting with representatives of the Vaping industry, together with medical professionals and individual state representatives, to come up with an acceptable solution to the Vaping and E-cigarette dilemma. Children’s health &amp, safety, together with jobs, will be a focus!
RT @GOPChairwoman: While Democrats are focused on smearing @realDonaldTrump, Republicans are focused on confirming more conservative judges...
https://t.co/LEjupyeKxw https://t.co/tox0vh5bbd
RT @RepDougCollins: Rep. Swalwell claims, “for the most part, [witnesses] have not been coordinating...”For the most part? What about the...
RT @Jim_Jordan: Republicans have requested a list of witnesses for the impeachment hearings (alphabetical order):-Devon Archer-Hunter Bi...
A great new book just out, “The Plot Against the President. The True Story Of How Congressman Devin Nunes Uncovered the Biggest Political Scandal In U.S. History.” Shows very bad and corrupt people on the other side. Check it out! https://t.co/KQETvKO6Q9
If Iran is able to turn over to the U.S. kidnapped former FBI Agent Robert A. Levinson, who has been missing in Iran for 12 years, it would be a very positive step. At the same time, upon information &amp, belief, Iran is, &amp, has been, enriching uranium. THAT WOULD BE A VERY BAD STEP!
https://t.co/9mYIafMb9y
https://t.co/fRBs5FExir
https://t.co/YuljikAYZT
RT @realDonaldTrump: Just finished reading my son Donald’s just out new book, “Triggered.” It is really good! He, along with many of us, wa...
RT @WhiteHouse: With President @realDonaldTrump's signature on the National POW-MIA Act, the POW/MIA flag will now be flown with the Americ...
RT @RepLeeZeldin: The “whistleblower” &amp, all of his supposed sources should testify &amp, answer GOP questions. Schiff blocking this would signa...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: If Chairman Adam Schiff and Democrats are denying GOP impeachment witnesses to prevent a “sham process,” they’re certai...
RT @RepLeeZeldin: The Dems aren’t just ripping our country in half w/this impeachment charade, they’re also willingly setting fire to our a...
.@NikkiHaley is out with a new book, “With All Due Respect” this week. Make sure you order your copy today, or stop by one of her book tour stops to get a copy and say hello. Good luck Nikki! https://t.co/uHKAAlVuLt
The call to the Ukrainian President was PERFECT. Read the Transcript! There was NOTHING said that was in any way wrong. Republicans, don’t be led into the fools trap of saying it was not perfect, but is not impeachable. No, it is much stronger than that. NOTHING WAS DONE WRONG!
“There’s nothing there! I’m trying to let the House know that they’re dividing America for no good reason. We’ve got a lot of things we should be doing, like lowering drug costs &amp, getting a trade deal with Mexico and Canada.” @LindseyGrahamSC  The Do Nothing Dems have gone crazy!
Corrupt politician Adam Schiff wants people from the White House to testify in his and Pelosi’s disgraceful Witch Hunt, yet he will not allow a White House lawyer, nor will he allow ANY of our requested witnesses. This is a first in due process and Congressional history!
RT @USMC: #HappyBirthdayMarines!Today, we celebrate our heritage and honor the sacrifices of those who fought before us. https://t.co/1ob...
ABC is as bad as the rest of them. Journalistic standards are nonexistent today. The press is so dishonest that we no longer have Freedom of the Press! https://t.co/nzF31cLYw7
RT @DeptofDefense: Happy 244th birthday 🎂 to the most powerful fighting force on the planet, the @USMC!#HappyBirthdayMarines https://t.co/...
RT @TVNewsHQ: WATCH @JesseBWatters on Epstein: “Watters World is calling for an independent investigation into ABC News... The media wants...
Make America Great Again! https://t.co/ffS9kLtjxE
RT @realDonaldTrump: Just finished reading my son Donald’s just out new book, “Triggered.” It is really good! He, along with many of us, wa...
Such an amazing game &amp, place! https://t.co/dGmXYxgKV5
https://t.co/KkZEHQMf8W https://t.co/DWb93QBKjB
RT @GreggJarrett: Concerns, Opinions, and Hearsay Are Not Evidence https://t.co/9k4m9iJSjk https://t.co/fLXvcF1ETg
RT @GreggJarrett: Here’s Why The Justice Department Must Investigate Joe Biden’s “Quid Pro Quo” https://t.co/EknlC5mWnX
RT @GreggJarrett: President Trump To Kick Off NYC 100th Veterans Day Parade https://t.co/skSUgkyCqB https://t.co/igLzBqSNXH
RT @GreggJarrett: There is no whistleblower statute that permits an unelected and inferior federal employee to blow the whistle on the pres...
RT @GreggJarrett: Gregg unravels the coordinated, premeditated plot to impeach @realDonaldTrump #WitchHunt https://t.co/BDOQ4WM4sK https://...
RT @GreggJarrett: The “Whistleblower’s” Right to “Anonymity” is a Myth https://t.co/qJEfr0BmmG https://t.co/oYBYLvgWVc
RT @GreggJarrett: Adam Schiff Sits on a Throne of Lies https://t.co/zsv8kBDzOq https://t.co/utjfYOmUTg
RT @GreggJarrett: Gregg Jarrett Unravels the Coordinated, Premeditated Plot to Impeach Trump https://t.co/BDOQ4WM4sK
RT @AndrewPollackFL: A couple people boo President Trump at the Nationals game in DC:Media: BREAKING NEWSThe entire stadium cheering fo...
RT @realDonaldTrump: But the Witch Hunt continues. After 3 years of relentless attacks against the Republican Party &amp, me, the Do Nothing De...
RT @realDonaldTrump: PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....Whatever happened to the so-called “informer” to Whistleblower #1? Seems to have disappeared after I released the...
RT @realDonaldTrump: I recommend that Nervous Nancy Pelosi (who backed up Schiff’s lie), Shifty Adam Schiff, Sleepy Joe Biden, the Whistleb...
“He is not a Whistleblower. He is a deepstater. Let the President do the job he was elected to do.” @JudgeJeanine
Such GREAT people! https://t.co/y5IgJXXfXf
RT @GOPChairwoman: We know Adam Schiff coordinated with the whistleblower, then lied about it. But now we have learned ANOTHER Democrat s...
RT @GOP: The Trump Campaign just launched “Veterans for Trump.”  @realDonaldTrump is delivering for veterans:*Signed Veterans Accountabi...
RT @GOPChairwoman: Must read op-ed by @RepMikeRogersAL, @RepAdrianSmith, @RepWalberg, @RepAnnWagner, @RepRossSpano, &amp, @RepDanBishop: Demo...
RT @GOPChairwoman: Kamala taking a page out of Hillary’s book.2020 Democrats want to destroy millions of American jobs in the fossil fuel...
RT @GOPChairwoman: If Adam Schiff blocks these witness from testifying, it will be further proof that this is a partisan political vendetta...
RT @GOPChairwoman: Things Democrats did this week: Sham impeachment proceedings.Things they didn’t: Ratify #USMCA, fund the troops, lower...
RT @ericbolling: Great day.. great game .. great reception for @FLOTUS and @realDonaldTrump The south knows what’s what! https://t.co/3vy...
RT @marklevinshow: Tomorrow night at my new time, 8 pm eastern on Fox, my one hour interview with Don Jr.  Please don’t miss it on Life, Li...
Great! https://t.co/QlLjEHUR0G
Thank you Andrew. Meadow was watching and is so proud of her great father and family!
Thank you Terrence! https://t.co/flwd34IsOn
RT @SteveScalise: Schiff said we’d hear from the whistleblower.But when collusion between the whistleblower &amp, Schiff’s staff was revealed...
RT @UA_Athletics: Welcome to Bryant-Denny Stadium @POTUS and @FLOTUS! 🇺🇸 #RollTide https://t.co/D6EOeBU1CP
RT @RealKyleMorris: Alabama and LSU fans welcome President @realDonaldTrump and First Lady Melania Trump to Tuscaloosa, Alabama. 🇺🇸 https:/...
But the Fake News will never show this. Thank you! https://t.co/T8grDsDRvJ
RT @RealKyleMorris: Alabama loves President @realDonaldTrump. This is what the fake news media won’t show you. #MAGA 🇺🇸https://t.co/qsAkePq...
Thank you to LSU and Alabama for a great game!
Totally! https://t.co/VqpNDMua5X
RT @RepDevinNunes: We learn from the press today that Chm Schiff had prior knowledge and involvement in the WB complaint. He withheld this...
"RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: ""The person who planted fake evidence shouldn't be the one ruling on the admissibility of fake evidence,"" Ratcliffe sai..."
RT @RepRatcliffe: 👇🏻smart guy https://t.co/cqDMqXSxh6
RT @ChadPergram: GOP TX Rep Ratcliffe to Taylor: And to your knowledge, nobody in the Ukrainian Government was aware of the hold?Taylor: T...
A terrible lie. How can she do such a thing? https://t.co/bSvlYI7dqe
Thank you Lee and David! https://t.co/cztdiqqiiH
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! #MAGA #KAG2020
....Whatever happened to the so-called “informer” to Whistleblower #1? Seems to have disappeared after I released the Transcript of the call. Shouldn’t he be on the list to testify? Witch Hunt!
I recommend that Nervous Nancy Pelosi (who backed up Schiff’s lie), Shifty Adam Schiff, Sleepy Joe Biden, the Whistleblower (who miraculously disappeared after I released the transcript of the call), the 2nd Whistleblower (who also disappeared), &amp, the I.G., be part of the list!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
But the Witch Hunt continues. After 3 years of relentless attacks against the Republican Party &amp, me, the Do Nothing Dems are losers for America! https://t.co/met2y8VoPe
Bringing the word “Nationalism” back into the mainstream - great job by Rich Lowry! Very important book. https://t.co/yQI4ylGgDb
Just finished reading my son Donald’s just out new book, “Triggered.” It is really good! He, along with many of us, was very unfairly treated. But we all fight back, and we always win!
RT @AmbJohnBolton: As we reflect this week on the horrific 9/11 attack, it’s important to remember how far we’ve come in combatting radical...
RT @trish_regan: “#Coup has started.” Those were the words of the so-called “whistleblower’s” attorney, TWO-AND-A-HALF YEARS before the cal...
"RT @Varneyco: STU: ""As we start the new week, look beneath the #impeachment headlines, and you'll see a full #employment economy that's muc..."
"RT @Varneyco: STU: ""Voters everywhere have been rejecting costly climate dreams!"" #NaturalGas #ClimateChange #Fracking #MyTake #VarneyCo ht..."
"RT @Varneyco: STU: ""Look what we have now! A growing #economy, full #employment, rapidly rising #wages, #stockmarket record highs! How do y..."
"RT @Varneyco: STU: ""The #democrats know they can't remove @realDonaldTrump  from office but they'll go ahead with the #impeachment process..."
"RT @Varneyco: STU: ""The #democrats are losing on policy, losing on prosperity, and their socialist front runners are being attacked by thei..."
RT @cvpayne: All three major equity indices finished higher and at new all-time highs all while there are $360 billion in tariffs current o...
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Volker confirmed to me during his interview that in no way, shape or form was there any quid pro quo whatsoever. https://...
RT @RepLeeZeldin: VP Pence traveled to Warsaw to communicate 2 points to Zelensky on 9/1 at POTUS' direction. Here Taylor agrees w/me that...
"RT @RepLeeZeldin: This ""evidence"" would be thrown out of court so quickly for all of the right reasons. Here Taylor concedes to me that his..."
RT @RepLeeZeldin: The Dems/media are desperately relying on Taylor as their star witness to show there was an impeachable offense of quid p...
RT @RepLeeZeldin: The George Kent transcript was just released &amp, once again there’s ZERO 1st hand info of US $ to Ukraine being linked to s...
RT @ChadPergram: Zeldin to Kent: Do you have any firsthand knowledge of United States aid to Ukraine ever being connected to the opening of...
RT @RepLeeZeldin: It appears Ambassador Yovanovitch did not accurately answer this question I asked her during her “impeachment inquiry” de...
RT @USAmbIsrael: 24 yrs ago today, the Jerusalem Embassy Act became law. It recognized Jerusalem as the undivided capital of Israel &amp, requi...
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Here's Rush Limbaugh weighing in on some of my deposition exchanges with Bill Taylor from Taylor’s transcript just releas...
Happy National Farmers Day! https://t.co/zqhaDCikQg
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Real Cracker Jack reporting here. What actually happened in the room is Adam Schiff made up a new rule that day that NOTH...
RT @RogerMarshallMD: A total and complete circus! Just petty politicians trying to undo @realDonaldTrump's victory.Now, if only the ringl...
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: There are probably a myriad of additional reasons that Democrats have been focusing on impeachment, but none of them is...
RT @Scavino45: On Thursday, 11/7/2019, the President signed into law:S. 693, the “National POW/MIA Flag Act,” which honors service member...
RT @BobEwashington: Jesse Watters nails Joe Bite Me and John Kerry in one Monologue#TheFive https://t.co/bthgI2QQq9
RT @Mediaite: Fox News’ Jesse Watters: Impeachment ‘Boring’ So Far, ‘Not a Sexy Scandal,’ Americans Don’t Care About Ukrainehttps://t.co/4...
RT @JesseBWatters: TOMORROW: I hit the streets for another epic Man On The Street Interview. What does Americans know about Veterans Day? D...
RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be announcing the winners of the #MAGACHALLENGE and inviting them to the @WhiteHouse to meet with me and perfor...
Good luck Vince, this will be great! https://t.co/084GASJN6e
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/z0I7wBsgTP
RT @IvankaTrump: An impactful day in Morocco, where we furthered all 3 pillars of #WGDP 🇺🇸🇲🇦⬇️💫 Women Prospering in the Workforce 💫 Women...
Fake News is reporting that I am talking to Mark Burnett about doing a big show, perhaps The Apprentice, after the presidency, which I would assume they mean in 5 years. This is not true, never had such a conversation, don’t even have time to think about it. False reporting!
RT @realDonaldTrump: THANK YOU! #MAGA https://t.co/e6dZshYFMV
“Mark Levin blasts Adam Schiff, claims 'the law is on the president's side' on Ukraine” https://t.co/GhO065fd8X
RT @HomelandGOP: Democrats are so obsessed with impeaching President Trump that they're doing nothing to fix real problems Americans care a...
RT @RepDougCollins: Nadler says he is only concerned about the “appearance of an open mind,” admitting this impeachment process is pre-bake...
RT @Jim_Jordan: The “Whistleblower’s” lawyer called for a “coup” almost as soon as President Trump took office.All the more reason why we...
RT @Jim_Jordan: Republicans only have til Saturday to request witnesses for ALL open hearings.-@RepAdamSchiff decides WHICH witnesses tes...
"RT @TrumpWarRoom: ""Democrats want to invest in green global projects. I want to invest in Black American communities."" - @realDonaldTrump #..."
"RT @TrumpWarRoom: ""We created 9,000 opportunity zones...8 million African-Americans live in opportunity zones, yet every Democrat voted aga..."
RT @GOP: As the Black Voices for Trump coalition launches TODAY in Atlanta, remember that with @realDonaldTrump as President: Over 1.2 mi...
I will be announcing the winners of the #MAGACHALLENGE and inviting them to the @WhiteHouse to meet with me and perform. Good luck! https://t.co/3PYzOvYz17
https://t.co/z0I7wBsgTP
STATEMENT FROM PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP https://t.co/EktztHfLk6
Stock Market up big today. A New Record. Enjoy!
The Radical Left Dems and LameStream Media are just trying to make it hard for Republicans and me to win in 2020. The new Impeachment Hoax is already turning against them!
The Amazon Washington Post and three lowlife reporters, Matt Zapotosky, Josh Dawsey, and Carol Leonnig, wrote another Fake News story, without any sources (pure fiction), about Bill Barr &amp, myself. We both deny this story, which they knew before they wrote it. A garbage newspaper!
THANK YOU! #MAGA https://t.co/e6dZshYFMV
It was just explained to me that for next weeks Fake Hearing (trial) in the House, as they interview Never Trumpers and others, I get NO LAWYER &amp, NO DUE PROCESS. It is a Pelosi, Schiff, Scam against the Republican Party and me. This Witch Hunt should not be allowed to proceed!
“What did Hunter Biden do for the money?” @SenJohnKennedy  A very good question. He and Sleepy Joe must testify!
Based on the information released last night about the Fake Whistleblowers attorney, the Impeachment Hoax should be ended IMMEDIATELY! There is no case, except against the other side!
Read the Transcript!
The degenerate Washington Post MADE UP the story about me asking Bill Barr to hold a news conference. Never happened, and there were no sources!
Bill Barr did not decline my request to talk about Ukraine. The story was a Fake Washington Post con job with an “anonymous” source that doesn’t exist. Just read the Transcript. The Justice Department already ruled that the call was good. We don’t have freedom of the press!
Just returned to the @WhiteHouse after a great evening in Monroe, Louisiana with a massive turnout of Great American Patriots. With early voting underway until Sat, find your polling location below &amp, go vote for your next #LAgov, @EddieRispone! #GeauxVote➡️https://t.co/0rnhb4z3HU https://t.co/VLqgd5SOEc
RT @LAGOP: There were two VERY different events in Monroe today...#GeauxVote #FireJBE #LAgov #LeadRight #KAG #MAGA #StopTheCoup #TeamTrum...
RT @DanScavino: Check out the overflow crowd for tonight’s #TrumpRally in Monroe, Louisiana! Early voting is underway! Don’t forget to get...
....The LameStream Media, which is The Enemy of the People, is working overtime with made up stories in order to drive dissension and distrust!
The story in the Amazon Washington Post, of course picked up by Fake News CNN, saying “President Trump asked for AG Barr to host a news conference clearing him on Ukraine,” is totally untrue and just another FAKE NEWS story with anonymous sources that don’t exist....
Years ago, when Media was legitimate, people known as “Fact Checkers” would always call to check and see if a story was accurate. Nowadays they don’t use “Fact Checkers” anymore, they just write whatever they want!
LOUISIANA! Early voting is underway until Saturday, it’s time to get out and VOTE to REPLACE Radical Liberal Democrat John Bel Edwards with a great new REPUBLICAN Governor, @EddieRispone! #GeauxVotePOLL FINDER: https://t.co/0rnhb4hsjk https://t.co/7RtlPqKu2U
RT @aldotcom: The Alabama SGA warns groups: Protest Trump during the LSU game and risk losing your reserved seating. https://t.co/8WYaFAtmw...
A great evening last night in Kentucky and Mississippi for the Republican Party with 13 BIG WINS, including a Governorship in Mississippi. Congratulations to everyone! https://t.co/bvQLOmwlbd
RT @RepDougCollins: Here’s Ambassador Taylor testifying that Ukraine was not aware of a hold on military aid until the end of August, over...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Stock Markets (all three) hit another ALL TIME &amp, HISTORIC HIGH yesterday! You are sooo lucky to have me as your Presid...
Thanks to many of you here today, my Administration and Republicans in Congress have now confirmed 157 FEDERAL JUDGES who will uphold our Constitution AS WRITTEN, a profoundly historic milestone and a truly momentous achievement! https://t.co/s7u6wjAvjB
....Also talked about their Border with Syria, the eradication of terrorism, the ending of hostilities with the Kurds, and many other topics. Look forward to seeing President Erdogan next Wednesday, November 13th at the @WhiteHouse!
Just had a very good call with President @RTErdogan of Turkey. He informed me that they have captured numerous ISIS fighters that were reported to have escaped during the conflict – including a wife and sister of terrorist killer al Baghdadi....
Just had a meeting with top representatives from Egypt, Ethiopia, and Sudan to help solve their long running dispute on the Grand Ethiopian Renaissance Dam, one of the largest in the world, currently being built. The meeting went well and discussions will continue during the day! https://t.co/MsWuEBgZxK
Stock Markets (all three) hit another ALL TIME &amp, HISTORIC HIGH yesterday! You are sooo lucky to have me as your President (just kidding!). Spend your money well!
Thank you to Kurt Volker, U.S. Envoy to Ukraine, who said in his Congressional Testimony, just released, “You asked what conversations did I have about that quid pro quo, et cetra. NONE, because I didn’t know there was a quid pro quo.”  Witch Hunt!
“Based on the things I’ve seen, the Democrats have no case, or a weak case, at best. I don’t think there are, or will be, well founded articles of Impeachment here.” Robert Wray, respected former prosecutor. It is a phony scam by the Do Nothing Dems! @foxandfriends
Based on the Kentucky results, Mitch McConnell @senatemajldr will win BIG in Kentucky next year!
RT @GOPChairwoman: No one energizes our base like @realDonaldTrump.In Kentucky, the governor was down 17 points. President Trump helped...
Great going Tate! https://t.co/ghtl3Zmj1z
Our big Kentucky Rally on Monday night had a massive impact on all of the races. The increase in Governors race was at least 15 points, and maybe 20! Will be in Louisiana for @EddieRispone on Wednesday night. Big Rally!
A lot of winning in Kentucky. Check out the numbers. https://t.co/xcXIzIwylg
Congratulations to @tatereeves on winning Governor of the Great State of Mississippi. Our big Rally on Friday night moved the numbers from a tie to a big WIN. Great reaction under pressure Tate!
#ElectionNight  Won 5 out of 6 elections in Kentucky, including 5 great candidates that I spoke for and introduced last night. @MattBevin picked up at least 15 points in last days, but perhaps not enough (Fake News will blame Trump!). Winning in Mississippi Governor race!
RT @thehill: Florida county commission cites Trump in denying library New York Times subscription https://t.co/On4lqpdBy9 https://t.co/JtXo...
RT @TB_Times: “Why the heck would we spend money on something like that?”https://t.co/cqixFuhHPP
RT @CBSEveningNews: Officials in Citrus County, Fla., deny public library's request for digital New York Times subscription, citing Pres. T...
Great going Daniel, proud of you! https://t.co/0dUY5HoATN
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! https://t.co/Z0VHUlAwMD
KENTUCKY! #KYGov  Get out today and VOTE for @MattBevin and the entire Republican ticket!  MISSISSIPPI! #MSGov  Get out today and VOTE for @TateReeves and the entire Republican ticket!Polls are open for a few more hours, find your location below! https://t.co/0rnhb4z3HU
RT @Club45USA: Club 45 on NBC Today Show. Showing our strong support for the President! @DanScavino https://t.co/rSVQDeAhNX
KENTUCKY!  Get out today and VOTE for @MattBevin and the entire Republican ticket!  MISSISSIPPI!  Get out today and VOTE for @TateReeves and the entire Republican ticket! #VoteOnNov5 #ElectionDay Find your polling location below!https://t.co/0rnhb4z3HU
RT @GOPChairwoman: If you want to defeat the radical left and #KeepAmericaGreat, then GET OUT AND VOTE today! So many strong conservative...
A very good start! Please all work hard to get a final deal. https://t.co/IYGeBqQIQ9
So sad to see what is happening in New York where Governor Cuomo &amp,  Mayor DeBlasio are letting out 900 Criminals, some hardened &amp, bad, onto the sidewalks of our rapidly declining, because of them, city. The Radical Left Dems are killing our cities. NYPD Commissioner is resigning!
FIND YOUR POLLING LOCATION HERE! https://t.co/0rnhb4z3HU
So sad to see what is happening in New York where Governor Cuomo and Mayor DeBlasio are letting out 900 Criminals, some hardened and bad, onto the sidewalks of our rapidly declining, because of them, city. The Radical Left Dems are killing our cities. NYPD Chief is resigning!
This is the time for Mexico, with the help of the United States, to wage WAR on the drug cartels and wipe them off the face of the earth. We merely await a call from your great new president!
....monsters, the United States stands ready, willing &amp, able to get involved and do the job quickly and effectively. The great new President of Mexico has made this a big issue, but the cartels have become so large and powerful that you sometimes need an army to defeat an army!
A wonderful family and friends from Utah got caught between two vicious drug cartels, who were shooting at each other, with the result being many great American people killed, including young children, and some missing. If Mexico needs or requests help in cleaning out these.....
“The Impeachment Hoax has fired up voters in Kentucky, Mississippi and Louisiana.” @foxandfriends
Fantastic being in the Great State of Kentucky last night. Vote for Matt Bevin NOW! @MattBevin  One of Best Governors in U.S. He will never let you down!
RT @realDonaldTrump: I hope everyone in the Great State of Virginia will get out and VOTE on Tuesday in all of the local and state election...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Virginia has the best Unemployment and Economic numbers in the history of the State. If the Democrats get in, those nu...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Great Republican Geary Higgins has my complete and total Endorsement for Virginia Senate, 13th District. He is strong...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Louisiana, get out and Vote Early for @EddieRispone as your next Governor. Lower Taxes and car insurance. Will protect...
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Whistleblower gave false information &amp, dealt with corrupt politician Schiff. He must be brought forward to testify...
RT @realDonaldTrump: All-Time High for Stock Market and all the Fake News wants to talk about is the Impeachment Hoax!
RT @realDonaldTrump: My son, @DonaldJTrumpJr is coming out with a new book, “Triggered: How the Left Thrives on Hate and Wants to Silence U...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Virginia, with all of the massive amount of defense and other work I brought to you, and with everything planned, go o...
RT @atrupar: Zimmerman presents Trump with a customized Nationals jersey https://t.co/KUtPraHdVW
"RT @ElizLanders: ""What an unbelievable honor... this is what you dream about,"" Ryan Zimmerman says at the White House, and goes on to thank..."
RT @WhiteHouse: Ryan Zimmerman presented President @realDonaldTrump with a #45 @Nationals jersey! ⚾ https://t.co/lp5MCIv8R4
"RT @ABC: I love you all. Thank you Mr. President,"" Washington Nationals catcher Kurt Suzuki says, putting on a “Make America Great Again” h..."
"RT @Varneyco: STU: ""None of this will change. The #impeachment drive and the secret hearings will continue, but the contempt the elites hav..."
The Do Nothing Dems have gone Radical Left Crazy. The can’t get anything done! https://t.co/wasvWli9jr
"RT @Varneyco: STU: ""It's crunch time. The angry left has taken over the @TheDemocrats party, and the socialists have taken over the preside..."
"RT @Varneyco: STU: ""Impeachment is all viscous politics. It will fail, and voters won't forget."" #ImpeachmentHearings #Politics #Markets #M..."
"RT @Varneyco: STU: ""Throw in strong #profits, #tradedeals, and more #economicgrowth still to come, and you can see why we have record highs..."
Virginia, with all of the massive amount of defense and other work I brought to you, and with everything planned, go out and vote Republican today. I know the Dems are saying that they have your vote locked up, but that would mean a long slide down. VOTE REPUBLICAN TODAY!
"RT @TrumpWarRoom: ""We support, protect, and defend the Constitution""""We stand with the incredible heroes and warriors of law enforcement...."
"RT @TrumpWarRoom: ""So today, we just hit the highest number in the history of the stock market. ... That's for everybody. Your 401(k)'s, ho..."
"RT @TrumpWarRoom: ""American special forces gave the world's number one terrorist a one-way ticket to hell."" - President Trump speaks in L..."
"RT @TrumpWarRoom: ""The American people are fed up with Democrat lies, hoaxes, slander. The Democrats' outrageous conduct has created an ang..."
Vote for Sean Spicer on Dancing with the Stars. He is a great and very loyal guy who is working very hard! #MAGA https://t.co/JGvKANCRqZ
RT @realDonaldTrump: THANK YOU Lexington, Kentucky! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Governor @MattBevin and the entire Republican ticket. Ame...
THANK YOU Lexington, Kentucky! Get out tomorrow and VOTE for Governor @MattBevin and the entire Republican ticket. America is thriving like never before – and the BEST IS YET TO COME! https://t.co/wkPrPW8haY
Congratulations to the Washington @Nationals, 2019 World Series Champions! https://t.co/rD0HuL0fJC https://t.co/OpB9Gw2LgA
My son, @DonaldJTrumpJr is coming out with a new book, “Triggered: How the Left Thrives on Hate and Wants to Silence Us” – available tomorrow, November 5th! A great new book that I highly recommend for ALL to read. Go order it today!
All-Time High for Stock Market and all the Fake News wants to talk about is the Impeachment Hoax!
Read the Transcript!
Big Rally in Kentucky TONIGHT for a man who has worked really hard &amp, done a GREAT job, Gov @MattBevin. Kentucky is having the best economic year ever under Matt’s leadership. He is a fantastic guy who loves our Military, our Vets and our 2A. Vote Tuesday! https://t.co/6MYQiI7c3X
....I don’t like him using my name to build his consulting company, or whatever. Please advise his clients and Administration officials accordingly.
Many people say they know me, claiming to be “best friends” and really close etc., when I don’t know these people at all. This happens, I suppose, to all who become President. With that being stated, I don’t know, to the best of my knowledge, a man named Michael Esposito.....
Stock Market hits RECORD HIGH. Spend your money well!
“There is no Whistleblower. There is someone with an agenda against Donald Trump. What he was blowing the whistle on didn’t happen. We have the transcript of the call. This is all a farce and no Republican should forget that.” @dbongino @foxandfriends
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
The Whistleblower gave false information &amp, dealt with corrupt politician Schiff. He must be brought forward to testify. Written answers not acceptable! Where is the 2nd Whistleblower? He disappeared after I released the transcript. Does he even exist? Where is the informant? Con!
What I said on the phone call with the Ukrainian President is “perfectly” stated. There is no reason to call witnesses to analyze my words and meaning. This is just another Democrat Hoax that I have had to live with from the day I got elected (and before!). Disgraceful!
Mark Levin, a great lawyer and scholar, said last night on his @marklevinshow, that all you have to do is read the transcript of the call, you do not need Never Trumpers or other witnesses to say what it means or says. It is plainly and very well stated for all to see. Witch Hunt
Great! But how do you know it was a “mistweet?” May be something with deep meaning! https://t.co/00EXMCgQLp
RT @IranIntl_Ar: #العراق: حرق جدار القنصلية الإيرانية في #كربلاء https://t.co/C4jZyZkDeC
RT @arabnews: #BREAKING: Dozens of Iraqi demonstrators have stormed the Iranian consulate in #Karbala, lowering the flag and burning part o...
Louisiana, get out and Vote Early for @EddieRispone as your next Governor. Lower Taxes and car insurance. Will protect your 2nd Amendment. John Bel Edwards is always fighting our MAGA Agenda. Wants to raise your taxes and car insurance to the sky. Vote for Republican Eddie R!
RT @JudgeJeanine: The democrats are tearing this country apart. They are wusses, wimps and weasels. They don’t have the chutzpah to face Do...
The hardest thing I have to do as President... https://t.co/6bzwh78I00
"RT @JudgeJeanine: Check out my interview with @SteveScalise on the Democrats' impeachment witch-hunt and their ""soviet-style"" process to th..."
Great Republican Geary Higgins has my complete and total Endorsement for Virginia Senate, 13th District. He is strong on Crime, the Border, our Military, Cutting Taxes, and protecting your 2nd Amendment. Dem John Bell will take your guns &amp, raise your taxes. Vote for Geary Higgins
@marklevinshow Mark Levin: “We ought to talk about the substance of this phone call. We have the call, I don’t know what we need witnesses for? Can’t we read English? Do I need a Whistleblower to tell me what I’m reading? Do I need a Lt. C. to tell me? NO.” So plain and simple!
RT @marklevinshow: Morrison testimony backfires on Schiff and the radical Democrats https://t.co/I1EaUfTKSf
RT @marklevinshow: The walking dead: the House Democrats who lied to voters in Trump districts in 2018 to get elected. https://t.co/PAZEw5...
RT @marklevinshow: Elizabeth Warren would destroy jobs and the middle class.  If elected she must be impeached. https://t.co/kExZZ8HYuY
They never even saw the transcript of the call. A total Witch Hunt!
RT @marklevinshow: Under Trump, black unemployment is lowest in history.  No doubt, Democrats will shout racism. https://t.co/5UXA3KLe5P
RT @marklevinshow: Rats nest https://t.co/OejXeOeEkO
RT @marklevinshow: Obama NSC holdovers — the so-called whistleblower and the two Schiff staffers — must be part of the 2016-related crimina...
RT @SenToddYoung: #ICYMI: Student debt is one of the biggest issues facing Americans from all states across the United States. Yesterday, I...
Good point! https://t.co/L2ZyCY8QlI
We won’t Steve! https://t.co/iKr859gKEL
"RT @Jim_Jordan: ""Rep. Jim Jordan on House impeachment inquiry: Democrats are making up the rules as they go""https://t.co/jagPe8DhgF"
RT @SteveScalise: Dems are using impeachment as a political tactic to damage @realDonaldTrump at the ballot box. That's a disgusting abuse...
Don’t miss this show! https://t.co/EhY8CNAUqP
RT @JudgeJeanine: The democrats are tearing this country apart. They are wusses, wimps and weasels. They don’t have the chutzpah to face Do...
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/zJ9nW8i3ao
False stories are being reported that a few Republican Senators are saying that President Trump may have done a quid pro quo, but it doesn’t matter, there is nothing wrong with that, it is not an impeachable event. Perhaps so, but read the transcript, there is no quid pro quo!
....should give their own transcripts of the interviews to contrast with Schiff’s manipulated propaganda. House Republicans must have nothing to do with Shifty’s rendition of those interviews. He is a proven liar, leaker &amp, freak who is really the one who should be impeached!
If Shifty Adam Schiff, who is a corrupt politician who fraudulently made up what I said on the “call,” is allowed to release transcripts of the Never Trumpers &amp, others that are &amp, were interviewed, he will change the words that were said to suit the Dems purposes. Republicans...
https://t.co/3O0ABd3HGt
Virginia has the best Unemployment and Economic numbers in the history of the State. If the Democrats get in, those numbers will go rapidly in the other direction. On Tuesday, Vote Republican!
I hope everyone in the Great State of Virginia will get out and VOTE on Tuesday in all of the local and state elections to send a signal to D.C. that you want lower taxes, a strong Military, Border &amp, 2nd Amendment, great healthcare, and must take care of our Vets. VOTE REPUBLICAN
The Fake News Media is working hard so that information about the Whistleblower’s identity, which may be very bad for them and their Democrat partners, never reaches the Public.
The Democrats are Fixers, and they are working overtime to FIX the Impeachment “Process” in order to hurt the Republican Party and me. Nancy Pelosi should instead Fix her broken District and Corrupt Adam should clean up &amp, manage the California forests which are always burning!
Fake News! https://t.co/pL9gMFvZEn
The Angry Majority!
Many people listened to my phone call with the Ukrainian President while it was being made. I never heard any complaints. The reason is that it was totally appropriate, I say perfect. Republicans have never been more unified, and my Republican Approval Rating is now 95%!
....and FEDERAL CONTRACTOR SPIES stories. The finest law enforcement on the planet could not have shown a ROADMAP like that which was produced by you. @OANN should be VERY proud of this great work. I wish more people were seeking the facts and the truth. Keep it up!
Thank you to @OANN for the absolutely incredible Special Report narrated by @PearsonSharp. Seldom do the American people get to see journalistic work of this quality. Now it would be great if the legitimate sections of law enforcement would study your SMEARS, SPIES AND LIES....
“Morrison testifies he saw nothing wrong with the Trump call.” @OANN
....Matt has been a GREAT Governor. Kentucky (I Love You!), please be sure to vote for Matt Bevin on TUESDAY. Matt will never let you down, and we have to send a strong signal to Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats. See you on Monday night, VOTE TUESDAY!!!
Walking into Madison Square Garden last night with @danawhite for the big @UFC Championship fight was a little bit like walking into a Trump Rally. Plenty of MAGA &amp, KAG present. Great energy. Fantastic job Dana! Heading to D.C. and then to Kentucky for a big @MattBevin Rally...
Great fight Champ! https://t.co/URRR7vnSCj
RT @TimOBrien: UFC president Dana White has praised Trump for backing the UFC early on—including agreeing to host fights at his venues and...
The Whistleblower got it sooo wrong that HE must come forward. The Fake News Media knows who he is but, being an arm of the Democrat Party, don’t want to reveal him because there would be hell to pay.  Reveal the Whistleblower and end the Impeachment Hoax!
....putting these massive, and many, fires out. Great firefighters! Also, open up the ridiculously closed water lanes coming down from the North. Don’t pour it out into the Pacific Ocean. Should be done immediately. California desperately needs water, and you can have it now!
..Every year, as the fire’s rage &amp, California burns, it is the same thing-and then he comes to the Federal Government for $$$ help. No more. Get your act together Governor. You don’t see close to the level of burn in other states...But our teams are working well together in.....
The Governor of California, @GavinNewsom, has done a terrible job of forest management. I told him from the first day we met that he must “clean” his forest floors regardless of what his bosses, the environmentalists, DEMAND of him. Must also do burns and cut fire stoppers.....
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/zJ9nW8i3ao
RT @TaraLaRosa: #NEW: Pres. Trump arrives at Madison Square Garden to a positive reaction from the crowd ahead of #UFC244 . https://t.co/OI...
RT @EricTrump: At #UFC244 - chanting “Donald Trump, Donald Trump... USA USA” https://t.co/hiqKCw3cS9
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Despite the bullshit from blue checkmark Twitter, when we walked into the arena it was overwhelmingly positive. @danawh...
RT @realDonaldTrump: A great new book by Howie Carr, “What Really Happened, How Donald J. Trump Saved America From Hillary Clinton,” is on...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Tate Reeves will be a great Governor of Mississippi, and what an electric Rally last night. Vote for Tate on Tuesday!...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Big Rally in Kentucky on Monday night for a man who has worked really hard &amp, done a GREAT job, Governor @MattBevin. Ke...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Louisiana has a chance to have a really great Governor in @EddieRispone. Auto insurance costs and taxes will be coming...
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Whistleblower has disappeared. Where is the Whistleblower?
RT @VP: Under President @realDonaldTrump, we’ve cut taxes, rolled back red tape, unleashed American energy and forged free, fair and recipr...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Schiff will change the transcripts just like he fraudulently made up the phone call. He is a corrupt politician! https...
Didn’t he pick the Whistleblower? https://t.co/yalRJr8DgA
RT @WhiteHouse: When you look at what Democrats in Congress have accomplished compared to President @realDonaldTrump in just the past 2 wee...
RT @WhiteHouse: There is serious work to get done on behalf of this country—and Congressional Democrats are blatantly ignoring it. https://...
RT @WhiteHouse: While Democrats go on with their impeachment sham, President @realDonaldTrump will continue working for the American people...
RT @MarshaBlackburn: .@HouseDemocrats have been holding a closed-door investigation in @RepAdamSchiff’s basement. After facing intense fl...
RT @WhiteHouse: The left's impeachment sham sure hasn't slowed President @realDonaldTrump down this week. See more: https://t.co/A68ueVC8...
A giant Scam! https://t.co/E2gcPaddD1
RT @1k_kilgore: Someone feeling a bit left out? https://t.co/VDsy93Blft
"RT @TrumpWarRoom: President Trump on the mission that killed ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi:""American special operators executed a mast..."
RT @RyanAFournier: You can call Trump a bully, racist, xenophobe, liar, islamophobe, fascist, or even a Cheeto. None of it's true.THE T...
RT @RealDrGina: Nancy &amp, Adam: We will worry about your ridiculous fake impeachment bs when ONE of your full-time candidates can fill a stad...
RT @danielledsouzag: The Democrats are pushing the Impeachment hoax because they know the President is going to get re-elected in 2020. So...
RT @SteveScalise: Same story, different day for Dems. They’ve wanted to impeach @realDonaldTrump from Day 1.First they tried to use the...
Schiff will change the transcripts just like he fraudulently made up the phone call. He is a corrupt politician! https://t.co/b12GFXv6tE
The Whistleblower has disappeared. Where is the Whistleblower?
Big Rally in Kentucky on Monday night for a man who has worked really hard &amp, done a GREAT job, Governor @MattBevin. Kentucky is having the best economic year ever under Matt’s leadership. He is a fantastic guy who loves our Military, our Vets and our 2nd Amendment. Vote Tuesday!
Louisiana has a chance to have a really great Governor in @EddieRispone. Auto insurance costs and taxes will be coming way down with Eddie, and your 2nd Amendment will be protected. Current Democrat governor has done a really poor job! VOTE EARLY FOR EDDIE!
Tate Reeves will be a great Governor of Mississippi, and what an electric Rally last night. Vote for Tate on Tuesday! https://t.co/5AZHe5DT9A
A great new book by Howie Carr, “What Really Happened, How Donald J. Trump Saved America From Hillary Clinton,” is on sale now. Howie is a talented New England force who was there at the very beginning!
RT @mike_pence: If you want to send a message to the Do Nothing Democrats that Kentucky and America support President @realDonaldTrump—VOTE...
"RT @TeamTrump: ""While we're Creating Jobs and Killing Terrorists, the Democrat Party has gone completely insane."" - President @realDonaldTr..."
RT @RepMarkMeadows: One reason why the 'quid pro quo' narrative is a fairy tale:Not only were Ukraine officials unaware aid was even bein...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Speaker Pelosi said earlier this Congress that any impeachment effort would need to be done on a bipartisan basis.We...
RT @LouDobbs: Debunking Radical Dems. @RepMarkMeadows on former WH official, Tim Morrison’s testimony vindicating @POTUS. #MAGA #AmericaFir...
RT @GOPLeader: Strong show of unity among Republicans today. 💯% voted AGAINST impeachment sham. 💪🏼 https://t.co/vNJDq9ZfOi
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Greatest Witch Hunt In American History!
RT @IvankaTrump: This week @POTUS’s Interagency Task Force to combat #humantrafficking met and announced investments totaling $75M in the P...
The Whistleblower must come forward to explain why his account of the phone call with the Ukrainian President was so inaccurate (fraudulent?). Why did the Whistleblower deal with corrupt politician Shifty Adam Schiff and/or his committee?
You can’t Impeach someone who hasn’t done anything wrong!
Oh no, Beto just dropped out of race for President despite him saying he was “born for this.” I don’t think so!
Republicans have never been more unified than they are right now! The Dems are a mess under the corrupt leadership of Nervous Nancy Pelosi and Shifty Adam Schiff!
.....with a President and Federal Government that wants our wonerful City and State to flourish and thrive. I Love New York!
....our great police are being disrespected, even with water dumped on them, because a Mayor and Governor just don’t “have their backs.” New York’s Finest must be cherished, respected and loved. Too many prople are leaving our special New York. Great leaders would work....
....in New York, and another reason they are leaving. Taxes and energy costs are way too high, Upstate is being allowed to die as other nearby states frack &amp, drill for Gold (oil) while reducing taxes &amp, creating jobs by the thousands. NYC is getting dirty &amp, unsafe again, as....
I love New York, but New York can never be great again under the current leadership of Governor Andrew Cuomo (the brother of Fredo), or Mayor Bill DeBlasio. Cuomo has weaponized the prosecutors to do his dirty work (and to keep him out of jams), a reason some don’t want to be...
.....with a President and Federal Government that wants our wonerful City and State to flourish and thrive. I Love New York!
....our great police are being disrespected, even with water dumped on them, because a Mayor and Governor just don’t “have their backs.” New York’s Finest must be cherished, respected and loved. Too many prople are leaving our special New York. Great leaders would work....
....in New York, and another reason they are leaving. Taxes and energy costs are way too high, Upstate is being allowed to die as other nearby states frack &amp, drill for Gold (oil) while reducing taxes &amp, creating jobs by the thousands. NYC is getting dirty &amp, unsafe again, as
I love New York, but New York can never be great again under the current leadership of Governor Andrew Cuomo (the brother if Fredo), or Mayor Bill DeBlasio. Cuomo has weaponized the prosecutors to do his dirty work (and to keep him out of jams), a reason some don’t want to be...
Stock Market up BIG! Record highs for S&amp,P 500 and NASDAQ. Enjoy!
....Our Republican candidate @EddieRispone is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to create jobs and protect your Second Amendment. GET OUT AND VOTE for Eddie, the next Governor of the GREAT State of Louisiana!
LOUISIANA! Extreme Democrat John Bel Edwards has sided with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer to support Sanctuary Cities, High Taxes, and Open Borders. He is crushing Louisiana’s economy and your Second Amendment rights....
Louisiana, I’ll see you tonight. Big Rally for Eddie R. He will be a GREAT GOVERNOR. Early voting starts! @EddieRispone
....@FoxNews  @BillHemmer  The public is watching and seeing for themselves how unfair this process is. Corrupt politicians, Pelosi and Schiff, are trying to take down the Republican Party. It will never happen, we will take back the House!
“Adam Schiff has taken all of the power for himself. That is very unfair. There were dozens of people on this call, yesterdays witness knew that and had no problems (nor did any of them). Facts matter, and that’s why this is not about Impeachment.” Guy Lewis, former prosecutor...
ISIS has a new leader. We know exactly who he is!
“The Democrats need more than this.” @tombrokaw  Much more!
“The Democrats are so immersed in this (SCAM). They couldn’t care less about the American people!” @RushLimbaughEIB
Wow, a blowout JOBS number just out, adjusted for revisions and the General Motors strike, 303,000. This is far greater than expectations. USA ROCKS!
Chicago will never stop its crime wave with the current Superintendent of Police. It just won’t happen! Thank you to Kevin Graham and all of the GREAT Chicago Police Officers I just had the privilege to meet. Tremendous crime fighting potential if allowed to do your thing!
RT @IngrahamAngle: On Inauguration Day 2017, Team Trump has zero idea how many career staff working inside the Admin—WH, State, IC, other a...
“This is the biggest, most disgusting scandal, and it’s all on the Democrat  Party that has highjacked the Impeachment process, our tax dollars, the House of Representatives, to push their 2020 Election. That’s what’s going on.” @marklevinshow  Cannot be said any better!
“It has been 3 years and Donald Trump hasn’t done anything wrong. Donald Trump hasn’t done a single thing of which he has been accused.” @RushLimbaughEIB  @seanhannity  A Witch Hunt like no other!
Thanks Lee! https://t.co/TE5xHk3YzO
RT @woodruffbets: New: Tim Morrison said he didn't think the president broke the law on his call with Zelensky, and that he didn't think th...
But the Crooked Democrats don’t want people to know this! Thank you to Tim Morrison for your honesty. https://t.co/1AxrArFJ6c
A great place! https://t.co/4RfSNw3RZf
Thank you! https://t.co/8yUP8Pex8c
....this decision, but in the end it will be best for all concerned. As President, I will always be there to help New York and the great people of New York. It will always have a special place in my heart!
....New York, and always will, but unfortunately, despite the fact that I pay millions of dollars in city, state and local taxes each year, I have been treated very badly by the political leaders of both the city and state. Few have been treated worse. I hated having to make....
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, the White House, is the place I have come to love and will stay for, hopefully, another 5 years as we MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, but my family and I will be making Palm Beach, Florida, our Permanent Residence. I cherish New York, and the people of.....
RT @IngrahamAngle: The Dems days of bullying the American people are over— they will not disenfranchise the voters in 2020 with a sham impe...
RT @IngrahamAngle: Headline November 11, 2020: “Exit Polls link loss of more than two dozen 'moderate' Dem seats to Schiff's impeachment re...
The home of Nancy Pelosi. I can’t believe her voters can be happy with the job she and the Do Nothing Democrats are doing! San Francisco has really gone down hill. So sad! https://t.co/z0Tms6gkDy
RT @IngrahamAngle: Heroin addict drags NYPD cop with his car — and wins $11 million in court https://t.co/jWsRXdljBj via @nypmetro
While the Do Nothing Democrats FAIL the American People, and continue the Impeachment Scam, my Administration will continue to deliver REAL RESULTS, as seen over the past month, below! https://t.co/dxjHusgiFX
RT @IvankaTrump: “...surrounded by enemies and spies catching and perverting every word that falls from my lips or flows from my pen, and inv...
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Just voted NO on the impeachment inquiry resolution.Doesn’t ensure minority subpoena power or release of transcripts. D...
RT @GOPoversight: Democrats don't care about the facts or passing legislation. They only care about impeaching the President less than 13 m...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Democrats keep trying to tell you they're *reluctantly* pursuing impeachment.Reminder: since @realDonaldTrump took of...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Washington Democrats made every effort to take down this President with a fake Russian collusion scandalIt failedTh...
RT @GOPLeader: The worst part about their sham impeachment is all the things that are NOT getting done:✖️ Government is NOT funded ✖️ Our...
RT @RepArrington: Today, @HouseDemocrats will continue an impeachment inquisition that is nothing more than an illegitimate witch-hunt. The...
RT @MikeKellyPA: After weeks of Adam Schiff's secret hearings &amp, selective leaks, the Do-Nothing-Dems are trying to legitimize the unfair in...
RT @GOPLeader: BREAKING ⇒ 100% of Republicans just voted AGAINST this sham impeachment. Two Democrats joined us.Speaker Pelosi and Chairm...
RT @RepPeteKing: Voted AGAINST Impeachment Resolution. Voted FOR Constitution and America. The fight goes on. God Bless America!
RT @RepMeuser: Today’s vote on the impeachment resolution is a continuation of the farce that Speaker Pelosi and Chairman Schiff are trying...
RT @RepDougCollins: Fact: Pelosi’s inquiry is officially the first presidential impeachment inquiry in modern history authorized by members...
RT @SteveScalise: 🚨 BREAKING: Dems are voting to continue their Soviet-style impeachment scheme.They're not interested in due process.T...
RT @FLOTUS: Trick-or-Treat  @WhiteHouse #Halloween2019 https://t.co/fkxu03qImu
The Greatest Witch Hunt In American History!
The Impeachment Hoax is hurting our Stock Market. The Do Nothing Democrats don’t care!
....our manufacturers. We should have lower interest rates than Germany, Japan and all others. We are now, by far, the biggest and strongest Country, but the Fed puts us at a competitive disadvantage. China is not our problem, the Federal Reserve is! We will win anyway.
Supposedly, according to the Corrupt Media, the Ukraine call “concerned” today’s Never Trumper witness. Was he on the same call that I was? Can’t be possible! Please ask him to read the Transcript of the call. Witch Hunt!
People are VERY disappointed in Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve. The Fed has called it wrong from the beginning, too fast, too slow. They even tightened in the beginning. Others are running circles around them and laughing all the way to the bank. Dollar &amp, Rates are hurting...
READ THE TRANSCRIPT!
China and the USA are working on selecting a new site for signing of Phase One of Trade Agreement, about 60% of total deal, after APEC in Chile was canceled do to unrelated circumstances. The new location will be announced soon. President Xi and President Trump will do signing!
RT @brithume: The reality is that political ads are usually arguably true and arguably false. So who gets to decide what’s true and what’s...
Congratulations to @FoxNews, you left @CNN &amp, @MSNBC in the dust (that’s because the don’t tell the truth!). https://t.co/C87eV3Zp7B
"RT @CableNewsWatch: 🎉🍾 Congratulations @GregGutfeldShow #1 show in cable news Saturday 18-49 &amp, 25-54 demosAlso 1.8M tuned in to the ""King..."
RT @AriFleischer: Joe Biden Repeatedly Asked Agencies To Do What Son's Clients Wanted https://t.co/J96lmY8xcv
RT @AmericaNewsroom: THE HEADLINER: @AriFleischer responds to Joe Biden and Beto O'Rourke's criticism of President Trump taking credit for...
RT @AriFleischer: There was a time when MSM would have gone into a feeding frenzy against a Congressman who stopped the other party from as...
RT @TVNewsHQ: Watch: “Joe Biden is the wrongest person on earth to be talking about al-Baghdadi’s raid. He’s the man who opposed the raid a...
Thank you Matt. https://t.co/vDZqYIrgBy
.....to any President, of either party, again. Laura @IngrahamAngle
...never be allowed to roll into a winter showtrial. Indeed, allowing a long, drawn out trial in the Senate would merely validate and perpetuate the fraud begun in the House. The crisis is of the Democrats own making, and it’s up to Republicans to make sure this never happens....
.....the Dems have selectively leaked. Nor was there any corrupt intent on the part of the President. Remember, the President knew that that call was being heard and documented by many people. Anyone with intent would be a tad more discreet, don’t you think? This farce should....
“Now is the time for Republicans to stand together and defend the leader of their party against these smears. It would be one thing if there were any indication of an underlying crime, but there is not-not in the transcripts, and not in the secret witness testimony that.....
Congratulations to the Washington Nationals on a great season and an incredible World Series. Game 7 was amazing! @Nationals
Thank you Daily Wire. Very cute recreation, but the “live” version of Conan will be leaving the Middle East for the White House sometime next week! https://t.co/Z1UfhxsSpT
The Do Nothing Democrats have gone Crazy. Very bad for USA! https://t.co/3zApgOOA7I
https://t.co/z0I7wBsgTP
"""The Democrats have been on this path for 3 years. The first headline I saw...before the President was sworn in was that the Impeachment process was beginning...so this is just further evidence that this is what they had in mind from the very beginning."" @senatemajldr https://t.co/scFWSh47Bq"
Thank you @GLFOP! https://t.co/IpoUY7QPM2
“Adam Schiff’s drive to impeach Trump based on opinions, deception and illusions – Not facts” @GreggJarrett https://t.co/N31CGYraYP
Sleepy Joe Biden! https://t.co/oZtytImXqq
We will be having a big rally for Governor @MattBevin on Monday night in Kentucky. Get your tickets today! https://t.co/uoPhCLGHpH
....Your current Governor, John Bel Edwards, has done a poor job with economic development (last in nation) and auto insurance (highest in nation) wants to raise your taxes BIG - vote for Eddie starting Saturday!
Early voting in Louisiana for a man who will be a Great Governor, @EddieRispone, on Saturday, November 2nd. He will get your Auto Insurance and Taxes way down. He will protect your Military, Vets, Second Amendment and Energy....
AMERICAN HERO! https://t.co/XCCa2sGfsZ
Thank you @GM, @FiatChrysler_NA, @Toyota, and @GloblAutomkrs for standing with us for Better, Cheaper, Safer Cars for Americans. California has treated the Auto Industry very poorly for many years, harming Workers and Consumers. We are fixing this problem! https://t.co/cf6I1e0yjQ
...our Military, 2nd Amendment, Energy, and so many other things that the Democrats don’t care about. Please stop the Dems from hurting a very good and hard-working man!https://t.co/uUnWOtVxBV
My friend Mike @GovDunleavy of the Great State of Alaska, is being treated very unfairly by the Democrats because he is doing an unbelievable job and fulfilling every one of his promises. Now they are trying to Recall him because his agenda is the Economy, Jobs, and protecting...
....the United States Military. Congress needs to do its work. We need to fund our Armed Forces.”  @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell.  The Dems are a lost cause. In 2020, we need a big, beautiful WIN (all three)! #MAGA
Where’s the Whistleblower?
“Our Country cannot afford for the Democrats in Congress to take a one year vacation from any productive legislation just because they would rather obsess over Impeachment. ISIS &amp, other radical terrorists are not going to hit the pause button because Democrats won’t fund......
“Precisely the same program that the Democrats are trying to  Impeach President Trump for supposedly slow walking, tomorrow, right here in the Senate, they (the Dems) say they’re going to filibuster for the exact same program.” @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell. Do Nothing Democrats!
Yesterday’s Never Trumper witness could find NO Quid Pro Quo in the Transcript of the phone call. There were many people listening to the call. How come they (including the President of Ukraine) found NOTHING wrong with it. Witch Hunt!
A Federal Judge is allowing the Nick Sandman libel suit to move forward against the thoroughly disgusting Washington Post (which is no longer available at the White House!). He could now have a good chance of winning. Go Nick!
“It does appear it has to do with Nancy Pelosi retaining her Speakership in the next Congress. She would like that so she’s going to put it to a vote because that’s what her political left really wants.” @SteveDoocy @foxandfriends  A disgraceful use of Impeachment. Will backfire!
The Greatest Economy in American History!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Nervous Nancy Pelosi is doing everything possible to destroy the Republican Party. Our Polls show that it is going to...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Just confirmed that Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi’s number one replacement has been terminated by American troops. Most likely...
RT @realDonaldTrump: 95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a record. Thank you!
.....the call with the Ukrainian President was a totally appropriate one. As he said, “No Pressure.” This Impeachment nonsense is just a continuation of the Witch Hunt Hoax, which has been going on since before I even got elected. Rupublicans, go with Substance and close it out!
Republicans are very unified and energized in our fight on the Impeachment Hoax with the Do Nothing Democrats, and now  are starting to go after the Substance even more than the very infair Process because just a casual reading of the Transcript leads EVERYBODY to see that.....
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Democrats go 4+ weeks with a secretive, free for all, no rules impeachment process—and now try to save face with a shor...
RT @GOPoversight: Days since @RepAdamSchiff learned the identity of the whistleblower: 78 https://t.co/YKSa5rpGPs
"RT @RepMattGaetz: MUST-READ: ""Gaetz: 'Donald Trump Is Innocent, and the Deep State Is Guilty'""https://t.co/FXSdXJjLS2"
RT @RepDougCollins: Adam Schiff wants to impeach @RealDonaldTrump for not going along with the “impeachment” inquiry that even Democrats ha...
RT @RepGregPence: After seven weeks of running a communist-style, ultra-partisan effort to undo the 2016 election results under the disguis...
RT @RepJeffDuncan: Now Pelosi &amp, Schiff want to pretend they are being transparent—after they corrupted &amp, tainted the process for weeks in s...
RT @RepGosar: Nancy Pelosi's impeachment resolution further restricts the participation of duly elected Members of Congress from their part...
"RT @CongressmanHice: Once again, @SpeakerPelosi proves that Democrats have no intention of giving @realdonaldtrump a fair shake in this ""im..."
RT @Jim_Jordan: Dems’ impeachment resolution:-Cuts Oversight and Foreign Affairs out of public hearings-Pretends to give @DevinNunes sub...
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
RT @RepDougCollins: This resolution is a bogus attempt to legitimize an “impeachment” effort that doesn’t offer real fairness, due process,...
RT @RepLeeZeldin: This impeachment resolution just introduced is fatally flawed. Just another awful misstep by House Dems running a circus,...
RT @CoachUrbanMeyer: 🇺🇸 God bless the incredible Men and Women who serve our country. God bless America. Justice served! https://t.co/2LmEC...
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is doing everything possible to destroy the Republican Party. Our Polls show that it is going to be just the opposite. The Do Nothing Dems will lose many seats in 2020. They have a Death Wish, led by a corrupt politician, Adam Schiff!
“Over in Europe and Japan they have NEGATIVE RATES. They get paid to borrow money. Don’t we have to follow our competitors?” @Varneyco  Yes we do. The Fed doesn’t have a clue! We have unlimited potential, only held back by the Federal Reserve. But we are winning anyway!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is doing everything possible to destroy the Republican Party. Our Polls show that it is going to be just the oppidite. The Do Nothing Dems will lose many seats in 2020. They have a Death Wish, led by a corrupt politician, Adam Schiff!
Consumer Confidence number very good. Housing sales in September up nicely. Economy Rocks!
A great new book just out, “The Plot Against the President. The True Story Of How Congressman Devin Nunez Uncovered the Biggest Political Scandal In U.S. History.” Shows very bad and corrupt people on the other side. Check it out!
Just confirmed that Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi’s number one replacement has been terminated by American troops. Most likely would have taken the top spot - Now he is also Dead!
RT @IngrahamAngle: When the Left loses power, their answer is always to limit speech.  Never works. https://t.co/RLVWZIC41d
How many more Never Trumpers will be allowed to testify about a perfectly appropriate phone call when all anyone has to do is READ THE TRANSCRIPT! I knew people were listening in on the call (why would I say something inappropriate?), which was fine with me, but why so many?
The Do Nothing Democrats are working hard to make everyone forget the Best Economy Ever, the monumental weekend raid, Tax Cuts, the Rebuilding of our Military, etc. The Impeachment Hoax is a disgrace. Read the transcript!
Where’s the Whistleblower? Just read the Transcript, everything else is made up garbage by Shifty Schiff and the Never Trumpers!
RT @RepMarkMeadows: While Democrats continue to leak false narratives, here’s what the actual witness interviews would show you: - No aid...
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: Democrats have undermined the fairness of this unauthorized impeachment inquisition of @POTUS @realDonaldTrump with the...
RT @Chief_Duggan: .@POTUS recognizing @theiacp Officer of the Year finalists for their heroism and  commitment to keeping our communities s...
RT @CongressmanHice: The ship has already sailed on having a fair and transparent process. @RepAdamSchiff poisoned the well on day one.Th...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: House Democrats now suddenly saying they'll vote on an impeachment resolution to “ensure transparency” is rich—consider...
RT @RepDLamborn: Schiff-style impeachment: Dems hide testimony behind secure doors &amp, leak info vital to their false narrative, driving the...
RT @RepMattGaetz: Speaker Pelosi's announcement today acknowledges Adam Schiff’s free-wheeling impeachment inquiry is devoid of rules and l...
RT @RepDLesko: A live look at House Democrats trying to impeach President @realDonaldTrump. First Russia, then obstruction, now Ukraine. De...
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: A vote now is a bit like un-Ringing a bell as House Democrats have selectively leaked information in order to damage P...
RT @SteveScalise: Pelosi let Schiff hold secret hearings and leak misleading info to attack @realDonaldTrump for weeks. Now she wants a v...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: We’ve just learned House Democrats are moving the public impeachment hearings to the Intelligence Committee — taking it...
RT @RepDougCollins: Thank you, @SpeakerPelosi, for finally acknowledging the fact that you attempted to deceive the American people into th...
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: I’m happy that House Democrats finally decided to hold a vote to open up a formal impeachment inquisition of @POTUS @re...
RT @RepDougCollins: “Democrats counter that Republicans are complaining about process because they can’t address the substance. But process...
So make all Member Countries pay, not just the United States! https://t.co/IVbE4MqBVl
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Mark is 100% spot on here. Ukraine didn’t even know there was a hold on aid until just before it was released. Schiff may...
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Pelosi now says there will be a vote Thu to authorize their impeachment inquiry. This should include minority subpoena ri...
RT @RepLeeZeldin: Schiff’s not a magician. Taylor’s 2nd, 3rd &amp, 4th hand claims don’t become 1st hand just bc this slippery fella says so. A...
A great book by a great guy. Get it now! https://t.co/hwFtbpbIO0
RT @DevinNunes: Congratulations to ⁦@LeeSmithDC⁩ on his new book “The Plot Against The President” ⁦@foxandfriends⁩ https://t.co/7iRZeDmuDw
"RT @MZHemingway: ""The Plot Against the President: The True Story of How Congressman Devin Nunes Uncovered the Biggest Political Scandal in..."
Correct, a total scam! https://t.co/klpmeAwm03
RT @Jim_Jordan: Pelosi announces they’ll finally vote to open the impeachment inquiry.Codifying a sham process halfway through doesn’t ma...
RT @GOPoversight: Dems plan to cut even more House members out of their ridiculous, unfair, and biased impeachment process.Only Schiff's...
Why are people that I never even heard of testifying about the call. Just READ THE CALL TRANSCRIPT AND THE IMPEACHMENT HOAX IS OVER! Ukrain said NO PRESSURE. https://t.co/VYmW8bYcgS
RT @DanScavino: “Trump just called them out on it and he’s getting practically standing ovations for it, in Chicago. He’s standing up for t...
RT @KerriKupecDOJ: .@realDonaldTrump: “Nationwide injunctions undermine our entire immigration system. It is not job of judges to impose th...
RT @realDonaldTrump: The only crimes in the Impeachment Hoax were committed by Shifty Adam Schiff, when he totally made up my phone convers...
RT @IngrahamAngle: The Swamp boos Trump, while Middle America Cheers #IngrahamAngle ⁦@FoxNews⁩https://t.co/r9tZoxRUYa
RT @newtgingrich: The idea that politicians need to be briefed on a military operation while young men &amp,women are risking their lives is ri...
https://t.co/dNfXkc8uUG
"RT @markknoller: Pres denounces attacks on police officers. “An attack on law enforcement is an attack on all Americans,"" says @POTUS. And..."
RT @johncardillo: .@realDonaldTrump's speech to IACP is one of the most pro America, pro Law Enforcement platforms I've ever heard from a P...
“This is a big win for America, and also for President Trump.” @nypost
The only crimes in the Impeachment Hoax were committed by Shifty Adam Schiff, when he totally made up my phone conversation with the Ukrainian President and read it to Congress, together with numerous others on Shifty’s side. Schiff should be Impeached, and worse!
“There is no underlying crime in that transcript.” @IngrahamAngle  100% correct, and the Whistleblower disappeared after I released the transcript of the call. Where is the Whistleblower? That is why this is now called the Impeachment Hoax! The Do Nothing Dems are Doing Nothing!
“Americans know by now that the Impeachment inquiry is just another hoax and silent coup to remove the President from office.” J.J. Crovatto  Don’t worry J.J., Schiff is a leaker &amp, corrupt politician who made up what I said on the call in order to hurt the Republican Party &amp, me!
Can you believe that Shifty Adam Schiff, the biggest leaker in D.C., and a corrupt politician, is upset that we didn’t inform him before we raided and killed the #1 terrorist in the WORLD!? Wouldn’t be surprised if the Do Nothing Democrats Impeach me over that! DRAIN THE SWAMP!!
RT @GOPLeader: It’s been 34 days since Nancy Pelosi unilaterally declared her impeachment inquiry. Today’s backtracking is an admission t...
"RT @Techno_Fog: @SidneyPowell1 @KerriKupecDOJ Lisa Page lied to the DOJ about her edits to the Flynn 302.""Page didn't recall whether she..."
RT @scottadamsshow: THE LIST: 8 Ways the Mueller Witchhunt and Lying Schiff’s Sham Impeachment Are Identical, Corrupt and Unconstitutional...
RT @scottadamsshow: Crooked Impeachment Witness Bill Taylor Led Ukraine Delegation for Group Advised by Hunter Biden. Taylor also initiated...
RT @steph93065: Why I am a Trump Supporter...@realDonaldTrump #Trump2016 https://t.co/L4x4udy63J
So nice, thank you! https://t.co/UjgDeHSK7C
RT @GOPoversight: • No quid pro quo• No pressure@Jim_Jordan &amp, @RepMarkMeadows agree that it's time for @RepAdamSchiff's #impeachment cha...
We have declassified a picture of the wonderful dog (name not declassified) that did such a GREAT JOB in capturing and killing the Leader of ISIS, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi! https://t.co/PDMx9nZWvw
An AMAZING CHAMPION. Great going Tiger! @TigerWoods https://t.co/GdmcpMG42s
THANK YOU #IACP2019! https://t.co/iUr5OpgT7X
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/7esnNSoa5D
RT @VP: President @realDonaldTrump proved to the world last night that our fight against ISIS is unrelenting. https://t.co/gX1sqRRZHX
The S&amp,P just hit an ALL TIME HIGH. This is a big win for jobs, 401-K’s, and, frankly, EVERYONE! Our Country is doing great. Even killed long sought ISIS murderer, Al-Baghdadi. We are stronger than ever before, with GREAT upward potential. Enjoy!
Thank you to @MarthaRaddatz and @TerryMoran for a job well done! https://t.co/mcHjqX1K2L
RT @StateDept: Last night, the United States brought the world's number one terrorist leader to justice. President @realDonaldTrump address...
RT @WhiteHouse: Thank you to the service members, military leaders, and agency officials who were critical to the success of this mission....
https://t.co/7esnNSoa5D
https://t.co/yJ0VKdNxHP
As Diwali commences, @FLOTUS Melania and I wish those observing the Festival of Lights a blessed and happy celebration! #HappyDiwali https://t.co/LGXkUzMJiI
Something very big has just happened!
....Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement, and always has. GET OUT and VOTE on November 5th for your GREAT Governor, @MattBevin!
Governor @MattBevin has done a wonderful job for the people of Kentucky! He continues to protect your very important Second Amendment. Matt is Strong on Crime and the Border, he Loves our Great Vets and Military....
....He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Democrat Jim Hood will never give us his vote, is anti-Trump and pro-Crooked Hillary. Get out and VOTE for Tate Reeves on November 5th. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
MISSISSIPPI! There is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to get out and VOTE for our Great Republican nominee, @TateReeves. Tate is Strong on Crime, tough on Illegal Immigration, and will protect your Second Amendment....
....Our Republican candidate @EddieRispone is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to create jobs and protect your Second Amendment. GET OUT AND VOTE for Eddie, the next Governor of the GREAT State of Louisiana!
LOUISIANA! Extreme Democrat John Bel Edwards has sided with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer to support Sanctuary Cities, High Taxes, and Open Borders. He is crushing Louisiana’s economy and your Second Amendment rights....
The Fake Washington Post keeps doing phony stories, with zero sources, that I am concerned with the Impeachment scam. I am not because I did nothing wrong. It is the other side, including Schiff and his made up story, that are concerned. Witch Hunt continues!
My Administration is fighting hard to end the Opioid Crisis. Join with us by disposing unused or expired prescription medications at over 4,000 locations across this great Country. Find a location TODAY from 10am-2pm at https://t.co/CXK0LFpGMD. #TakeBackDay https://t.co/xBEyflYYGj
....
....greatly help the African American community (and all other communities), and which was unable to get done in past administrations despite a tremendous desire for it. This and best unemployment numbers EVER is more than Kamala will EVER be able to do for African Americans!
Badly failing presidential candidate @KamalaHarris will not go to a very wonderful largely African American event today because yesterday I recieved a major award, at the same event, for being able to produce &amp, sign into law major Criminal Justice Reform legislation, which will..
The Ukraine investigation is just as Corrupt and Fake as all of the other garbage that went on before it. Even Shifty Schiff got caught cheating when he made up what I said on the call!
....We should all work together to clean up these hazardous waste and homeless sites before the whole city rots away. Very bad and dangerous conditions, also severely impacting the Pacific Ocean and water supply. Pelosi must work on this mess and turn her District around!
I can’t believe that Nancy Pelosi’s District in San Francisco is in such horrible shape that the City itself is in violation of many sanitary &amp, environmental orders, causing it to owe the Federal Government billions of dollars - and all she works on is Impeachment.....
“Not a single American citizen has been charged with anything related to Russian Collusion, not one person.” @TuckerCarlson  It was all an illegal Witch Hunt!
Had a beautiful dinner last night at Camp David in celebration of the 10th Wedding Anniversary of Ivanka and Jared. Attended by a small number of family and friends, it could not have been nicer. Camp David is a special place. Cost of the event will be totally paid for by me!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Democrats just announced that they no longer want the Whistleblower to testify. But everything was about the Whistlebl...
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....The entire Impeachment Scam was based on my perfect Ukrainian call, and the Whistleblowers account of that call, w...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: NYT report: DOJ opening a criminal investigation into the spreading of the Russian collusion conspiracyIf true, this...
...Thank you @foxandfriends! Hopefully this is just the beginning of a massive story of injustice and treason. You will never learn this from the corrupt LameStream Media who get Pulitzer Prizes for reporting the story totally wrong. The ones who report it right get only RESPECT!
..the President when Flynn had been cleared of everything long before that. The DOJ is withholding a lot of evidence &amp, information, as are Clapper &amp, Brennan &amp, all of the people who participated in the complete setup of Michael Flynn.”(Terrible!) Sidney Powell. This is a disgrace!
....They exonerated him completely of being an agent of Russia (Recently Crooked Hillary charged Tulsi Gabbard &amp, Jill Stein with the same thing-SICK), and yet Mr. Comey still runs to the White House on February 14 and conjures up the Obstruction of Justice narrative against.....
“General Michael Flynn’s attorney is demanding that charges be immediately dropped after they found that FBI Agents manipulated records against him. They say that James Clapper told a reporter to “take a kill shot at Flynn. This has been a complete setup of Michael Flynn....
My Administration is fighting hard to end the Opioid Crisis. Join with us by disposing unused or expired prescription medications at over 4,000 locations across this great Country. Find a location TOMORROW, October 26th from 10am-2pm at https://t.co/CXK0LFpGMD. #TakeBackDay https://t.co/DvgrxZoLzp
RT @CNNPolitics: JUST IN: Trump administration suspends US commercial flights to 9 destinations in Cuba except for Havana https://t.co/KPPQ...
https://t.co/o6mk8orgrC https://t.co/iUD808JXyt
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/zDEOQfpvk1 https://t.co/Bxpt7nQTjG
RT @PressSec: POTUS is a champion for America's once-forgotten communities, and his historic criminal justice reforms are building opportun...
RT @realDonaldTrump: To Tim: The Button on the IPhone was FAR better than the Swipe!
RT @GOPLeader: What is Adam Schiff hiding, and why is he afraid to show the American public? https://t.co/1twGgi6kc8
RT @realDonaldTrump: I appreciate the support of Senator @LindseyGraham, @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell, and their Great Senate Republican c...
RT @Jim_Jordan: First we learn that Durham's probe is now a criminal investigation.Now we hear that the FBI may have altered the 302s fro...
RT @realDonaldTrump: It was my great honor to deliver the keynote address at the 2019 Second Step Presidential Justice Forum hosted by the...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you @robertjeffress! https://t.co/o6mk8orgrC
https://t.co/zDEOQfpvk1 https://t.co/Bxpt7nQTjG
RT @robertjeffress: A new poll shows evangelical support for President @realDonaldTrump GROWING in spite of Democrat impeachment farce! I’l...
Great Book! https://t.co/HYO77j6KRT
Wow! https://t.co/lF3WUjiqHs
RT @marklevinshow: My appearance on Hannity last nighthttps://t.co/whO7qmrkB7
My lawyers should sue the Democrats and Shifty Adam Schiff for fraud!
....The entire Impeachment Scam was based on my perfect Ukrainian call, and the Whistleblowers account of that call, which turned out to be false (a fraud?). Once I released the actual call, their entire case fell apart. The Democrats must end this Scam now. Witch Hunt!
Democrats just announced that they no longer want the Whistleblower to testify. But everything was about the Whistleblower (they no longer want the second Whistleblower either), which they don’t want because the account of my call bore NO RELATIONSHIP to the call itself.....
To Tim: The Button on the IPhone was FAR better than the Swipe!
....in the basement of the United States Capitol! They cannot win at the ballot box. Their sham for the past 3 years continues. The good news is that the American People get it, which will be proven once again on November 3, 2020!
I appreciate the support of Senator @LindseyGraham, @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell, and their Great Senate Republican colleagues, on the resolution condemning the Do Nothing Democrats for their Witch Hunt Impeachment inquiry, behind closed doors....
RT @ericbolling: NEW Interview w/ @realDonaldTrump -DOJ Criminal InvestigationClapper/Brennan-Comey leaking memo-Schiff corroborated...
RT @WhiteHouse: Since President @realDonaldTrump signed the First Step Act into law, 10 states have passed legislation to advance criminal...
RT @WhiteHouse: Last year, President @realDonaldTrump signed the First Step Act into law—the most significant criminal justice reform in ma...
"RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: ""The best is yet to come"" for the African American community https://t.co/2HxhFtJxr0"
RT @GOPChairwoman: Members of the @GOP Executive Committee just unanimously passed a resolution of support for @realDonaldTrump &amp, the Graha...
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump just accepted the 2019 Bipartisan Justice Award for his leadership in the passage of the histori...
"RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: ""Under this administration, the great betrayal of the American worker is over."" https://t.co/Kfp..."
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: African American youth unemployment recently reached the lowest level EVER https://t.co/fPICfbVx...
RT @TeamTrump: Tanisha Bannister: I want to thank @realDonaldTrump for giving me another lease on life https://t.co/dRZNhCSh7O
RT @KatrinaPierson: Watch @potus @realDonaldTrump give remarks at HBCU - Benedict College accepting an award for his leadership on Criminal...
"RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: ""My goal has been to give a voice to the voiceless."" #ForgottenMenandWomen https://t.co/LtrHaz..."
"RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump: ""The First Step Act proved that we can achieve amazing breakthroughs when we come together as a..."
RT @GOPChairwoman: House Democrats continue to take unprecedented steps in their closed-door impeachment charade. @LindseyGrahamSC is rig...
It was my great honor to deliver the keynote address at the 2019 Second Step Presidential Justice Forum hosted by the 20/20 Bipartisan Justice Center in South Carolina, and my true honor to receive the Bipartisan Justice Award, thank you! https://t.co/uF9IWnI1pH
Thank you @robertjeffress! https://t.co/o6mk8orgrC
RT @GaryCoby: Today @realDonaldTrump is receiving the Bipartisan Justice Award for his historic work on criminal justice reform.At the sa...
Heading to South Carolina! https://t.co/CORtaPJq9p
RT @gatewaypundit: Breaking Poll: 52% Say Impeachment Is Political Stunt by Democrats - 59% Say It's a Waste of Time @DanScavino @RealDonal...
“Donald J. Trump is an absolutely historic President already, in less than 3 years in office. His record is there for everyone to look at &amp, to examine and compare. This is an illegitimate effort to overthrow a President, not a formal Impeachment inquiry.” @LouDobbs  Thank you Lou
....COMING HOME! We were supposed to be there for 30 days - That was 10 years ago. When these pundit fools who have called the Middle East wrong for 20 years ask what we are getting out of the deal, I simply say, THE OIL, AND WE ARE BRINGING OUR SOLDIERS BACK HOME, ISIS SECURED!
....USA has gained Trillions of Dollars in wealth since November 2016. All others way down. Our power is Economic before having to use our newly rebuilt Military, a much better alternative. Oil is secured. Our soldiers have left and are leaving Syria for other places, then....
Turkey fully understands not to fire on the Kurds as they leave what will be known as the Safe Zone for other fairly nearby areas. I don’t have to repeat that large scale Sanctions will be imposed for violations. Going well! ISIS secured by Kurds with Turkey ready as backup.....
So Congressman Tim Ryan of Ohio has finally dropped out of the race for President, registering ZERO in the polls &amp, unable to even qualify for the debate stage. See Tim, it’s not so easy out there if you don’t know what you’re doing. He wasn’t effective for USA workers, just talk!
Another big dropout of the Presidential race was, along with 0% Tim Ryan, 0% @RepSwalwell. Such talk and bravado from both, and nothing to show. They stood for nothing, and the voters couldn’t stand by them. Obnoxious and greedy politicians never make it in the end!
RT @RepLeeZeldin: This impeachment inquiry has produced NOTHING to impeach POTUS for (I've been inside every depo thus far). While Dems run...
RT @RepDougCollins: Democrats have no concern for the rules. Pelosi violates House rules and her majority gives her a free pass.Schiff...
RT @RepGosar: The only reason Adam Schiff is conducting these unclassified interviews in a SCIF is to allow Democrats to control the narrat...
RT @RepArrington: Let's call this sham what it really is: an #ImpeachmentInquisition against @realdonaldtrump.This purely political proce...
RT @RepMattGaetz: Democrats are trying to use the natural advantage they have with the mainstream media to have secret interviews and selec...
RT @RepLaMalfa: Democrats: Searching for any possible reason to impeach @realDonaldTrump &amp, undo the results of the 2016 election - &amp, doing...
Where is the Whistleblower, and why did he or she write such a fictitious and incorrect account of my phone call with the Ukrainian President? Why did the IG allow this to happen? Who is the so-called Informant (Schiff?) who was so inaccurate? A giant Scam!
RT @jmclghln: 52% majority says impeachment is political to stop @realDonaldTrump reelection only 36% legal 47%-33% say @POTUS shudn’t coop...
RT @GOPLeader: Nancy Pelosi and her Do-Nothing Democrats have approved more subpoenas to investigate President Trump than they have written...
I really enjoyed my conversation with General @MazloumAbdi. He appreciates what we have done, and I appreciate what the Kurds have done. Perhaps it is time for the Kurds to start heading to the Oil Region!
The Oil Fields discussed in my speech on Turkey/Kurds yesterday were held by ISIS until the United States took them over with the help of the Kurds. We will NEVER let a reconstituted ISIS have those fields!
Thank you to House Republicans for being tough, smart, and understanding in detail the greatest Witch Hunt in American History. It has been going on since long before I even got Elected (the Insurance Policy!). A total Scam!
The Federal Reserve is derelict in its duties if it doesn’t lower the Rate and even, ideally, stimulate. Take a look around the World at our competitors. Germany and others are  actually GETTING PAID to borrow money. Fed was way too fast to raise, and way too slow to cut!
Don’t hurt them please! https://t.co/cKVa2HlJQb
It is the only thing the Do Nothing Dems are doing! https://t.co/oqeetDNKzD
Just a continuation of the Witch Hunt! https://t.co/TTCXcg0jdU
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Chairman Schiff interestingly reversed course on having the 'whistleblower' testify *after* it was revealed that his of...
RT @SteveScalise: If people scatter out of a room when you walk in &amp, turn on the light, it begs the question: What are they hiding in there...
(Kiddingly) We’re building a Wall in Colorado”(then stated, “we’re not building a Wall in Kansas but they get the benefit of the Wall we’re building on the Border”) refered to people in the very packed auditorium, from Colorado &amp, Kansas, getting the benefit of the Border Wall!
RT @bopinion: Of Wisconsin’s 72 counties, 23 switched from voting for Obama in 2012 to Trump in 2016 https://t.co/4E0xFLZwlF https://t.co/f...
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/ESnxdzR0wM https://t.co/pcXjrYuQ9e
https://t.co/ESnxdzR0wM https://t.co/pcXjrYuQ9e
PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT! #SHALEINSIGHT2019 https://t.co/kCkw3K8k5o
It was wonderful to be back in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania with the incredible Patriots who fuel our factories, light up our homes, power our industries and fill our hearts with true American Pride! #SHALEINSIGHT2019 https://t.co/hWmN7zNud3
It would be really great if the people within the Trump Administration, all well-meaning and good (I hope!), could stop hiring Never Trumpers, who are worse than the Do Nothing Democrats. Nothing good will ever come from them!
....Does anybody think this is fair? Even though there was no quid pro quo, I’m sure they would like to try. Worse than the Dems!
Never Trumper Republican John Bellinger, represents Never Trumper Diplomat Bill Taylor (who I don’t know), in testimony before Congress! Do Nothing Democrats allow Republicans Zero Representation, Zero due process, and Zero Transparency....
RT @Jim_Jordan: 435 Members of the House.Only one knows who the “whistleblower” is and who their sources are: @RepAdamSchiff.Why?
RT @SteveScalise: Democrats are trying to deny Republican Members of Congress access to Schiff's secret impeachment proceedings. What are t...
https://t.co/kNVQf6JdIL
RT @CongressmanHice: Stepping out of Schiff’s dungeon for a quick update.Members and the thousands of constituents they represent have a...
The Never Trumper Republicans, though on respirators with not many left, are in certain ways worse and more dangerous for our Country than the Do Nothing Democrats. Watch out for them, they are human scum!
RT @HouseGOP: It’s simple. The American people deserve transparency, yet House Democrats continue to ram through their impeachment investig...
"RT @GOPoversight: • Why don't we know who the whistleblower is?• Why is this so-called #impeachment ""inquiry"" being ran secretly in the ba..."
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""Eight long years after President Obama's ill-fated push at regime change, U.S. troops are still on the ground in Syria. Mo..."
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump just announced a major breakthrough toward achieving a better future for Syria and the Middle Ea...
Thank you General Mazloum for your kind words and courage. Please extend my warmest regards to the Kurdish people. I look forward to seeing you soon. @mustefabali
RT @mustefabali: GEN.Mazloum:1- I just spoke with President Trump and explained to him the Turkish violations of the truce that would not...
RT @mustefabali: GEN.Mazloum:2. We THANK President Trump for his tireless efforts that stopped the brutal Turkish attack and jihadist grou...
https://t.co/7Ud0WLyo4g
Where’s the Whistleblower?
Big success on the Turkey/Syria Border. Safe Zone created! Ceasefire has held and combat missions have ended. Kurds are safe and have worked very nicely with us. Captured ISIS prisoners secured. I will be making a statement at 11:00 A.M. from the White House. Thank you!
....feel EMPOWERED. There’s a movement happening on these campuses like I’ve never seen before. When you have 3000 students wanting to get into an event that couldn’t get in, that’s pretty remarkable!”  @charliekirk11 Turning Point USA   KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
"RT @JuddPDeere45: .@RepKevinBrady, @virginiafoxx, &amp, @repgregwalden: ""We can lower drug prices for seniors, workers, and families to help th..."
....Order a couple of months ago saying that any school that does not uphold the First Amendment Rights of its students will lose Federal Funding. We have seen a huge change in how the Universities interact with us as a national &amp, local student organization. Our studends....
Young campus Conservatives are flocking to Turning Point USA &amp, other Conservative speaker events all over the Country, AND IN RECORD NUMBERS. Thousands of students are turning out. “I just want to compliment the President of the United States for signing that historic Executive..
RT @MattWhitaker46: I still have a lot more questions about #HunterBiden and his dealings in #Ukraine and #Russia.  My video on @FoxBusines...
RT @MattWhitaker46: This #impeachment is not a constitutional process but an unprecedented #Democrat attack on a #Republican @POTUS Thank...
Republicans are going to fight harder than ever to win back the House because of what the Do Nothing Democrats have done to our Country!
Neither he (Taylor) or any other witness has provided testimony that the Ukrainians were aware that military aid was being withheld. You can’t have a quid pro quo with no quo.” Congressman John Ratcliffe @foxandfriends Where is the Whistleblower? The Do Nothing Dems case is DEAD!
RT @RepDougCollins: Myth: Democrats aren’t impeaching @RealDonaldTrump because of politics. This is about Ukraine.Fact: Democrats introdu...
RT @GOPChairwoman: The only value Hunter Biden brought to the table was access to his father, then-VP Joe Biden.Democrats and the media d...
RT @GOPChairwoman: The movement @realDonaldTrump has built is unlike anything we have ever seen. Tens of thousands came to Dallas to show...
RT @WhiteHouse: Since day one, the left has been on a mission to dispute, deny, and re-litigate the results of the 2016 election.They are...
RT @WhiteHouse: Remember when Democrats called the extra money in Americans' wallets thanks to President @realDonaldTrump's economic polici...
RT @seanhannity: @realDonaldTrump “I would like the Attorney General to find out what’s going on. We’re investigating corruption. I have an...
It never ends. The Do Nothing Dems are terrible! https://t.co/l7Qk0WU8ML
RT @Reince: Love these Libs melting down because @seanspicer keeps surviving - maybe it’s because people are actually voting for him! He’s...
RT @GOPChairwoman: The economy is booming, a fantastic trade deal is waiting for a vote, yet DC Democrats are only focused on their ridicul...
RT @TeamTrump: Democrats think impeachment is their only hope for 2020.They will NEVER beat @realDonaldTrump on policy or merit and they...
RT @TeamTrump: Our movement is a movement unlike anything our country has seen!New video from @GOP captures just some of the excitement f...
RT @TeamTrump: .@kayleighmcenany: President @realDonaldTrump has raised more money than any former President at this point in a campaign!...
RT @GOPChairwoman: Adam Schiff’s phony narrative has been “OBLITERATED” by testimony given to the House.“There is nothing from anything t...
The Democrats Scam goes on and on! They Do Nothing! https://t.co/4ER1m6e39s
The Witch Hunt continues! https://t.co/pBzhZfJEYb
The Do Nothing Dems have nothing but time! https://t.co/g9wsBfk16W
RT @piersmorgan: https://t.co/YFpyUULife
RT @IvankaTrump: Visiting the Air Capital of the World with @SecPompeo to meet hardworking students in programs training them to succeed in...
Wrong, never even discussed this with Kellyanne Conway or Steve Mnuchin. Just more Fake News! https://t.co/bgR8TnytjJ
Wrong, never even discussed this with Kellyanne Conway ot Steve Mnuchin. Just more Fake News! https://t.co/bgR8TnytjJ
Good news seems to be happening with respect to Turkey, Syria and the Middle East. Further reports to come later!
RT @NASA: “You’re doing an incredible job,” says @POTUS to @Astro_Christina and @Astro_Jessica during today’s #AllWomanSpacewalk. Tune in t...
RT @WhiteHouse: Fall is here! Come enjoy the beautiful White House Garden tours this weekend! Thank you to the @NatlParkService for taking...
Great Job Tim! https://t.co/WhgO67CfKP
RT @JessicaDitto45: “Empowering half the world’s population to flourish in the market economy is the best way to boost growth.” #WGDP https...
RT @WhiteHouse: Pelosi &amp, co. refuse to bring their inquiry to a vote because they have no serious interest in searching out truth and justi...
RT @WhiteHouse: Results that speak for themselves: Wage gains under President @realDonaldTrump have eclipsed growth under the past two admi...
“The Democrats are trying to draw out this inquiry because they don’t have the support. Donald Trump is guilty only of winning the 2016 Election.” @MZHemingway @foxandfriends
Can’t believe that Nervous Nancy Pelosi isn’t moving faster on USMCA. Her people want it, they don’t know why she isn’t putting it up for a bipartisan vote. Taking too long!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Thank you Republicans. 185 out of 185 present voted for “US” last night. Really good!
So some day, if a Democrat becomes President and the Republicans win the House, even by a tiny margin, they can impeach the President, without due process or fairness or any legal rights. All Republicans must remember what they are witnessing here - a lynching. But we will WIN!
....@kilmeade   “I want to know about Hillary Clinton with the Dossier? I want to know if there was FISA abuse? We’re still waiting for that report!” @ainsleyearhardt  @foxandfriends
...A majority do not want him Impeached and removed from office. 94% of the people in these battleground states who voted for President Trump want him to continue as President. That’s squarely in his corner.” @SteveDoocy “That’s a revealing poll, don’t you think that matters?”...
“I thought a very revealing poll was done by The New York Times. By about a 10 point margin, those in battleground states polled are against impeaching the President, and if Nancy Pelosi doesn’t take note of that, maybe she is the third rate politician.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends
“The Ambassador to the European Union has already testified, he said there was no quid pro quo. He said the President had told him that.” @kilmeade  @foxandfriends
Congratulations to @JustinTrudeau on a wonderful and hard fought victory. Canada is well served. I look forward to working with you toward the betterment of both of our countries!
RT @TreasurySpox: It’s been 1️⃣ year since President @realDonaldTrump announced the new US-Mexico-Canada trade agreement. USMCA will be a w...
RT @RepAnnWagner: As a cosponsor of the resolution to censure Rep. Adam Schiff, I was disappointed Nancy Pelosi did not even allow a vote o...
RT @RepJohnJoyce: It is disappointing that House Democrats blocked a vote to condemn and censure Chairman Adam Schiff for lying to the Amer...
RT @RepLaMalfa: Tonight, I joined @SteveScalise, @RepAndyBiggsAZ, &amp, @HouseGOP in voting to censure Rep. Adam Schiff. Of course, Democrats...
RT @dogoodmore: Lawmaker leading charge to censure Adam Schiff says he's engineering 'total political hit job' on Trump https://t.co/TgFQ9y...
RT @LouDobbs: Condemn Shifty Schiff. @Jim_Jordan on House Republicans voting to censure Adam Schiff. #AmericaFirst #MAGA #Dobbs https://t.c...
RT @RepRickCrawford: Adam Schiff has eliminated the access Republican HPSCI members have &amp, has locked down depositions in a manner that is...
"RT @DJTrumpsButt: RT realDonaldTrump ""RT AmericaNewsroom: THE HEADLINER: Jim_Jordan comments on the latest in the impeachment inquiry as Re..."
RT @SaraCarterDC: After almost two months of making a huge deal about the #Whistleblower testimony that would actually #impeach @realDonald...
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: On Monday, I, along with the vast majority of my @HouseGOP colleagues, will press forward with my motion to censure Ada...
RT @GregGutfeldShow: Adam Schiff goes for a physical. #Gutfeld https://t.co/qbeCVVxccs
RT @SteveScalise: Dems claim their scheme to impeach @realDonaldTrump is fair.Here's the reality:- All done in secret- Led by proven-l...
RT @GregGutfeldShow: Adam Schiff tries to take a nap. #Gutfeld https://t.co/akNEGY6PDd
RT @Rep_Watkins: The resolution to #CensureSchiff failed on the floor tonight.I guess Democrats are okay with Adam Schiff:▪️ Spreading...
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: Adam Schiff may not have been held accountable tonight, but the American people are very much aware of his reckless dis...
Thank you Liz. Shows great Republican support! https://t.co/WsuTmv6Tfh
RT @newtgingrich: Nancy Pelosi and Adam Schiff have both become embarrassingly dishonest. They, along with the rest of the House Democrats,...
RT @AmericaNewsroom: THE HEADLINER: @Jim_Jordan comments on the latest in the impeachment inquiry as Republicans prepare to file a motion t...
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: COMING UP: I'm joining @SandraSmithFox on @AmericaNewsroom to discuss tonight's vote on my motion to condemn and censur...
"RT @USRepLong: I am proud to stand with my colleagues to demand transparency during this ""impeachment inquiry."" Rep. Schiff has demonstrate..."
RT @SteveScalise: Adam Schiff must be held accountable for his lies.Tonight Republicans will move to censure &amp, condemn him for deliberate...
Thank you Dan and Kevin. Great Vote! https://t.co/MMJ5SanakG
Doral in Miami would have been the best place to hold the G-7, and free, but too much heat from the Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats &amp, their Partner, the Fake News Media! I’m surprised that they allow me to give up my $400,000 Plus Presidential Salary! We’ll find someplace else!
Censure (at least) Corrupt Adam Schiff! After what he got caught doing, any pol who does not so vote cannot be honest....are you listening Dems?
Great new book by wonderful and very street smart author Dan Bongino, EXONERATED, THE FAILED TAKEDOWN OF PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP BY THE SWAMP. Dan hits all of the crooked points of the greatest Witch Hunt in political history. Nevertheless, the Scam continues!
https://t.co/oSn6amjZo4
Thank you John, so nice! https://t.co/OgNZ4kvFT1
https://t.co/R3Chppjx6S
RT @JohnVoight__: They still pretend they cannot see all of this , the are hypocrites we know... Keep up with the good work, you have my...
https://t.co/6sKKniiOfE
A Great Democrat Scam! https://t.co/LbkVT7UvXX
Adam Schiff is a Corrupt Politician! https://t.co/16aSrqjwu2
RT @bennyjohnson: 🚨IMPORTANT🚨This is the most crucial statistic of the 2020 election:  Average American middle class household income:...
Congratulations Barbara! https://t.co/0cYrjL1YOj
RT @SecretaryRoss: Since the election of President Trump, the U.S. has added 6.4 million jobs, including 500,000 in the #manufacturing sect...
RT @SecretaryRoss: This action by the Commerce Department sends another clear message to the Cuban regime – that they must immediately ceas...
RT @realDonaldTrump: It is ONLY about this! https://t.co/ZB5xPDKs4b
RT @IngrahamAngle: Republicans in the Congress should be asked:  why have you allowed the State Department to become an arm of the Democrat...
“To the Democrats, Impeachment is partisan politics dressed up as principle.” @SteveHiltonx @FoxNews
So interesting that, when I announced Trump National Doral in Miami would be used for the hosting of the G-7, and then rescinded due to Do Nothing Democrat/Fake News Anger, very few in Media mentioned that NO PROFITS would be taken, or would be given FREE, if legally permissible!
....fiction to Congress and the American People?  I demand his deposition. He is a fraud, just like the Russia Hoax was, and the Ukraine Hoax is now. When do the Do Nothing Democrats pay a price for what they are doing to our Country, &amp, when do the Republicans finally fight back?
....because their so-called story didn’t come even close to matching up with the exact transcript of the phone call. Was it a Corrupt Adam Schiff con? Why didn’t the IG see this? When do we depose Shifty Schiff to find out why he fraudulently made up my phone call and read this..
This Scam going on right now by the Democrats against the Republican Party, and me, was all about a perfect phone call I had with the Ukrainian President. He’s already stated, NO PRESSURE! Where is the Whistleblower, or the 2nd Whistleblower, or the “informant?” All gone.....
Pelosi is now leading a delegation of 9, including Corrupt Adam Schiff, to Jordan to check out Syria. She should find out why Obama drew The Red Line In the Sand, &amp, then did NOTHING, losing Syria &amp, all respect. I did something, 58 missiles. One million died under Obama’s mistake!
“The ceasefire is holding up very nicely. There are some minor skirmishes that have ended quickly. New areas being resettled with Kurds. U.S. soldiers are not in combat or ceasefire zone. We have secured the Oil.” Mark Esper, Secretary of Defense. Ending endless wars!
Mark Esperanto, Secretary of Defense, “The ceasefire is holding up very nicely. There are some minor skirmishes that have ended quickly. New areas being resettled with the Kurds.” USA soldiers are not in combat or ceasefire zones. We have secured the Oil. Bringing soldiers home!
The WALL is making a very big difference. Even Dems in area are happy! https://t.co/NDzq2oIsHV
RT @GOP: Promises MADE, Promises KEPT! #KeepAmericaGreathttps://t.co/oHRgIpFGV1
RT @IvankaTrump: Thru #WGDP’s partnership w/ @WorldBank, #WeFi, $2.6 Billion will be mobilized for women entrepreneurs in 26 developing cou...
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/kNVQf6JdIL
https://t.co/kNVQf6JdIL
RT @GOP: .@realDonaldTrump is putting AMERICA FIRST! https://t.co/dtzimD1X3d
So now Crooked Hillary is at it again! She is calling Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard “a Russian favorite,” and Jill Stein “a Russian asset.” As you may have heard, I was called a big Russia lover also (actually, I do like Russian people. I like all people!). Hillary’s gone Crazy!
Never give up. We are doing GREAT! We are WINNING! https://t.co/MKDn5WStFU
....Therefore, based on both Media &amp, Democrat Crazed and Irrational Hostility, we will no longer consider Trump National Doral, Miami, as the Host Site for the G-7 in 2020. We will begin the search for another site, including the possibility of Camp David, immediately. Thank you!
https://t.co/dNfXkc8uUG
.....its own 50 to 70 unit building. Would set up better than other alternatives. I announced that I would be willing to do it at NO PROFIT or, if legally permissible, at ZERO COST to the USA. But, as usual, the Hostile Media &amp, their Democrat Partners went CRAZY!
I thought I was doing something very good for our Country by using Trump National Doral, in Miami, for hosting the G-7 Leaders. It is big, grand, on hundreds of acres, next to MIAMI INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT, has tremendous ballrooms &amp, meeting rooms, and each delegation would have...
RT @CLewandowski_: Media ignoring Bidens' Ukraine dealings to protect ex-VP, Corey Lewandowski alleges | Fox News https://t.co/U4AjBJoA2g
“The President never told me to withhold any money until the Ukrainians did anything related to the server. The only reason we were holding the money was because of concern about LACK OF SUPPORT FROM OTHER NATIONS and CONCERNS OVER CORRUPTION.” Yesterday’s Mick Mulvaney statement
RT @GreggJarrett: Will these parties that disregarded the laws and statutes that protect Americans be held to justice? https://t.co/rIindvX...
RT @HouseGOP: “On their farms, when something needs to get done, our dairy farmers don’t hem and haw, they don’t drag their feet and they d...
https://t.co/yvsGhK5N9X
Crooked Hillary Clinton just called the respected environmentalist and Green Party candidate, Jill Stein, a “Russian Asset.” They need a Green Party more than ever after looking at the Democrats disastrous environmental program!
RT @GOPChairwoman: We've seen a huge spike in enthusiasm since Democrats like Elissa Slotkin and Haley Stevens backed Pelosi's bogus impeac...
"RT @RepDanCrenshaw: Amidst the political noise, it’s important to ask yourself: ""If Congress wasn’t so focused on impeachment, what else co..."
RT @VP: While Dems in Congress have been trying to overturn the will of the American people by reversing Election Day 2016, our Admin will...
It is ONLY about this! https://t.co/ZB5xPDKs4b
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Ahhhh good times. Happy third anniversary to one of the great comebacks of all time. https://t.co/KbSos1UApS
Just another FAKE SUPPRESSION POLL, this time from @FoxNews, of course! https://t.co/x8lYVE7QCo
RT @NBCNews: NEW: US State Dept. has completed its internal investigation into former Sec. Clinton's use of private email and found violati...
RT @GOP: It's no surprise that far-left Democrats like Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Illhan Omar support Senator Bernie Sanders for Presiden...
RT @RepLeeZeldin: I’ve sat through EVERY interview so far of this so called “impeachment inquiry” &amp, the President hasn’t done anything to p...
.@RepMcClintock  Thank you Tom. Great interview on @TeamCavuto! @FoxNews
A Great Book by Kimberley Strassel! https://t.co/TOQcUDmnAR
RT @ericmetaxas: Here is a LONG and rather revealing interview I did w/@KatrinaTrinko at the @Heritage Foundation's @DailySignal podcast! A...
RT @JudicialWatch: NO MORE VOTER FRAUD: @JudicialWatch President @TomFitton announces 1.59 million ineligible voters to be removed from Cal...
RT @GOPChairwoman: Nancy Pelosi only cares about her witch hunt, not working for the American people.It’s time for Pelosi to put the #USM...
RT @GOPChairwoman: Everything is bigger in Texas – even a @realDonaldTrump rally! Awesome crowd!https://t.co/rj15fMyHyF
"RT @GOPChairwoman: ""There is a reason President @realDonaldTrump enjoys over 90% approval among Republicans: He is doing exactly what he sa..."
RT @GOPChairwoman: “Our country is once again living by two simple rules: buy American and hire American. The economy is booming. Our peopl...
RT @GOPChairwoman: “The radical Democrats want to destroy America as we know it.” – @realDonaldTrump We won’t let that happen! https://t...
RT @GOPChairwoman: Once again, the mainstream media keeps moving the goalposts to attack @realDonaldTrump. Must-watch breakdown of the me...
RT @GOPChairwoman: “The people of this country know what the Dems are doing. They’re tired of it.” - @PressSec https://t.co/PbXGSD8Cpu
RT @RNCLatinos: Latinos across America are fired up to re–elect @realDonaldTrump!¡Latinos alrededor de los Estados Unidos están motivados...
RT @GOP: “[@realDonaldTrump] has been in office for 3 years. He has sustained an energy and a momentum that we have never seen, and his sup...
“I don’t see anything that constitutes an Impeachable offense - Nothing here rises to the level of Impeachment. The Democrats are making a mistake with this secrecy.” Kenn Starr, former Special Prosecutor
RT @badluck_jones: Free Beacon Reminds Us of Lefty Double Standard Between Brewer, Pelosi Finger Wags https://t.co/R7c5kPzk6m
RT @charliekirk11: The Obama Administration asked Ukraine to investigate Trump when he was a private citizenWhere were the MSM attacks th...
RT @charliekirk11: Obama foreign policy:—Let Syria cross his “red line”—Hillary’s Failed Russian Reset—$150 Billion in cash to our en...
RT @RepDougCollins: The Democrats are trying to conduct their “impeachment” inquiry in secret. We’ll see about that . . . https://t.co/oD...
RT @SaraCarterDC: Democrat anger has grown so irrational that it has burst through the constitutional guardrails which protect our institut...
RT @brithume: Shouldn’t these stories contain the obligatory phrase “without evidence,” as the so often do when it’s Trump making the accus...
Thank you very much. Working hard! https://t.co/z8dgzQxkVC
I agree! https://t.co/mxKKg98NvO
Texas is great! https://t.co/aJSyPSHJfw
RT @TomFitton: Coup update. https://t.co/fPoPB7RJUB
RT @TomFitton: HUGE: HUNDREDS of Security Violations Tied to Clinton Emails, CRIME?-Deep State Enemies List Targets @RealDonaldTrump Family...
RT @TomFitton: Coup Update https://t.co/JSN63yh93G
There has never been a greater fraud on Congress. Shifty Schiff is Corrupt. Go Andy! https://t.co/yw57NhKpG2
RT @Jim_Jordan: .@RepAdamSchiff is now scheduling 2 witnesses a day and plans to conduct those depositions simultaneously. How can Members...
Such a disgrace that the Do Nothing Democrats are doing just as their name suggests, Doing Nothing! USMCA anyone?
#StopTheCoup
RT @ZTPetrizzo: One pro-Trump demonstrator just began hounding @EleanorNorton over the impeachment inquiry: https://t.co/FoywJXN4zi
RT @ZTPetrizzo: Feeling bad for this intern... https://t.co/7WoYCRJbvv
RT @ZTPetrizzo: Here’s the scene outside of Speaker Pelosi’s office: https://t.co/G9niU7ATzZ
RT @WomenforTrump: Today is the day we #MarchforTrump!While some may be trying to sabotage our efforts, we will not be deterred. We wil...
RT @ZTPetrizzo: Tomorrow ”Women for America First” will be marching around D.C. &amp, roaming the halls of the Capitol trying to find Pelosi, S...
Susan Rice, who was a disaster to President Obama as National Security Advisor, is now telling us her opinion on what to do in Syria. Remember RED LINE IN THE SAND? That was Obama. Millions killed! No thanks Susan, you were a disaster.
Pelosi and Impeachment - There have already been 3 Votes, and they’ve all failed miserably. Here’s why there may not be a fourth - 137 Democrats voted against on the last vote.” @JasonChaffetz  @seanhannity  Many of those voting in favor will be beaten in 2020!
Congressman Michael McCaul, “Schiff’s inquiry defies Democracy.” @FoxNews @seanhannity
“Because the House has already voted against the Impeachment Proceeding, the current inquiry is totally invalid. The current sham of a so-called investigation is nothing more than an unconstitutional power grab. It needs to end.”  @JasonChaffetz  @seanhannity  Corrupt Adam Schiff
Corrupt Congressman Adam Schiff is angry that Ambassadors that he thought would be good for his fraudulent Witch Hunt, are turning out to be good for me - some really good! He’s got all meetings locked down, no transparency, only his illegal leaks. A very dishonest sleazebag!
REPUBLICANS MUST STICK TOGETHER AND FIGHT! https://t.co/chnSNURfFx
Think of how many lives we saved in Syria and Turkey by getting a ceasefire yesterday. Thousands and thousands, and maybe many more!
https://t.co/p5imhMJqS1
....He is also my friend! At the same time, I am pleased to nominate Deputy Secretary Dan Brouillette to be the new Secretary of Energy. Dan’s experience in the sector is unparalleled. A total professional, I have no doubt that Dan will do a great job!
I want to thank Secretary of Energy Rick Perry for the outstanding job he has done. He will be leaving at the end of the year to pursue other interests. Rick was a great Governor of Texas and a great Secretary of Energy....
Can you believe I am doing this important work for our Country, and have to deal with Corrupt Adam Schiff and the Do Nothing Democrats at the same time? It was not intended to be this way for a President!
DEFEAT TERRORISM! https://t.co/8WbnLPgWIK
....I have just been notified that some European Nations are now willing, for the first time, to take the ISIS Fighters that came from their nations. This is good news, but should have been done after WE captured them. Anyway, big progress being made!!!!
.....this thinking years ago. Instead, it was always held together with very weak bandaids, &amp, in an artificial manner. There is good will on both sides &amp, a really good chance for success. The U.S. has secured the Oil, &amp, the ISIS Fighters are double secured by Kurds &amp, Turkey....
Just spoke to President @RTErdogan of Turkey. He told me there was minor sniper and mortar fire that was quickly eliminated. He very much wants the ceasefire, or pause, to work. Likewise, the Kurds want it, and the ultimate solution, to happen. Too bad there wasn’t.....
RT @VVFriedman: POTUS discovers a ⁦@LouisVuitton⁩ bag https://t.co/MuuI2LcVpm
RT @VVFriedman: The ⁦@LouisVuitton Trump ⁩ ribbon cutting. “Louis Vuitton...cost me a lot of money over the years” said the President. http...
The USA! https://t.co/Zdj3Lyo76H
RT @VVFriedman: So here I am at the @LouisVuitton⁩ factory with the LV cattle in the LV fields in Johnson County, Texas for the POTUS ribbo...
RT @PressSec: .@LouisVuitton is one of more than 350 companies delivering on the Pledge to America’s Workers. Thank you for investing in th...
RT @DanScavino: #TrumpRallyDallas #KAG2020 https://t.co/YZ7xrj8l1h
Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker, the American Family, and the American Dream! #KAG2020 https://t.co/qXB198T5cM
Tonight, we forcefully condemn the blatant corruption of the Democrat Party, the Fake News Media, and the rogue bureaucrats of the Deep State. The only message these radicals will understand is a crushing defeat on November 3, 2020! #KAG2020 https://t.co/QW1Rk99O4b
The radical left tolerates no dissent, it permits no opposition, it accepts no compromise, and it has absolutely no respect for the will of the American People. They are coming after me, because I am fighting for YOU! #TrumpRallyDallas #KAG2020 https://t.co/OthKwS1bud
Thank you Dallas, Texas - I love you! #TrumpRallyDallas #KAG2020 https://t.co/meWpesDYeM
Just arrived at the American Airlines Center in Dallas, Texas. Will be out shortly as we wait for more of you to get in! #TRUMP2020 https://t.co/TB2baAFoBK
See you soon Dallas, Texas! https://t.co/Sg6xtp1vqQ
RT @SarahAMatthews1: Dallas, Texas crowd is getting ready for @realDonaldTrump with a little YMCA ‼️ https://t.co/9muhNZqGvZ
This is a great day for civilization. I am proud of the United States for sticking by me in following a necessary, but somewhat unconventional, path. People have been trying to make this “Deal” for many years. Millions of lives will be saved. Congratulations to ALL!
This deal could NEVER have been made 3 days ago. There needed to be some “tough” love in order to get it done. Great for everybody. Proud of all!
Great news out of Turkey. News Conference shortly with @VP and @SecPompeo. Thank you to @RTErdogan. Millions of lives will be saved!
This number, based on the Economy &amp, how well our Country is doing, would potentially be 75% if not for the Fake News &amp, Phony Witch Hunt. 95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party! https://t.co/GFLxcNJOkk
RT @GOPChairwoman: House Democrats are engaged in “Soviet style” tactics in their effort to attack @realDonaldTrump.So true, @SteveScalis...
RT @rww_gop: Voters are rejecting the Dems’ baseless obstruction &amp, socialist agenda, and they’re making their voices heard loud &amp, clear. Su...
As the Witch Hunt continues! https://t.co/klvvwSXq7M
The Greatest Witch Hunt in American History! https://t.co/sPnloffJMT
RT @realDonaldTrump: Years of BAD GOVERNMENT, such a sorry thing to see! https://t.co/H1r2Be2YS6
RT @realDonaldTrump: “About 500,000 human beings were killed in Syria while Barack Obama was president &amp, leading for a “political settlemen...
RT @realDonaldTrump: I am the only person who can fight for the safety of our troops &amp, bring them home from the ridiculous &amp, costly Endless...
My warmest condolences to the family and many friends of Congressman Elijah Cummings. I got to see first hand the strength, passion and wisdom of this highly respected political leader. His work and voice on so many fronts will be very hard, if not impossible, to replace!
RT @realDonaldTrump: THANK YOU, WORKING HARD! https://t.co/sNUppjB4Xm
RT @realDonaldTrump: FAKE NEWS! https://t.co/ta8ii8yetP
RT @realDonaldTrump: Nancy Pelosi needs help fast! There is either something wrong with her “upstairs,” or she just plain doesn’t like our...
This is the real story. Thank you Jim! https://t.co/VqJrsUJdiX
RT @senatemajldr: Washington Democrats have been engaged in a three-year-long impeachment parade in search of a rationale. Prominent House...
RT @senatemajldr: Already, House Democrats’ impeachment “inquiry” is violating norms and precedent. They are denying Republicans and Presid...
RT @senatemajldr: Speaker Pelosi is still blocking the USMCA, a major trade deal that would create 176,000 new American jobs. Senate Democr...
I am the only person who can fight for the safety of our troops &amp, bring them home from the ridiculous &amp, costly Endless Wars, and be scorned. Democrats always liked that position, until I took it. Democrats always liked Walls, until I built them. Do you see what’s happening here?
“About 500,000 human beings were killed in Syria while Barack Obama was president &amp, leading for a “political settlement” to that civil war. Media has been more outraged in the last 72 hours over our Syria policy than they were at any point during 7 years of slaughter.” BuckSexton
RT @RepThomasMassie: Congress never voted to send troops to Syria, but in five minutes we will be voting on a resolution that disapproves o...
RT @SteveScalise: People all across the country should be alarmed.Pelosi and Schiff are trying to impeach @realDonaldTrump behind closed...
https://t.co/ZtCSrCqJcN
Hope all House Republicans, and honest House Democrats, will vote to CENSURE Rep. Adam Schiff tomorrow for his brazen and unlawful act of fabricating (making up) a totally phony conversation with the Ukraine President and U.S. President, me. Most have never seen such a thing!
Years of BAD GOVERNMENT, such a sorry thing to see! https://t.co/H1r2Be2YS6
“What has happened here with the Anthony Wiener laptop, the Server, all of the Emails between Huma Abedin and Hillary Clinton, the deleted Clinton Emails - what is going on?” @LouDobbs  Joe D &amp, Victoria T!
THANK YOU you Dallas, Texas. See you tomorrow night at the American Airlines Center! #TRUMP2020 https://t.co/fbtzlbroQi
“This President is the most patriotic President I’ve seen in many years. He is going to do what is good for Americans.”  Congressman Brian Babin, Texas. Thank you Brian!
Nancy Pelosi needs help fast! There is either something wrong with her “upstairs,” or she just plain doesn’t like our great Country. She had a total meltdown in the White House today. It was very sad to watch. Pray for her, she is a very sick person!
RT @realDonaldTrump: 95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Just won two Congressional Seats in North Carolina,  &amp, a Gover...
The Do Nothing Democrats, Pelosi and Schumer stormed out of the Cabinet Room! https://t.co/hmP4FNhemv
Nervous Nancy's unhinged meltdown! https://t.co/RDeUI7sfe7
Do you think they like me? https://t.co/TDmUnJ8HtF
RT @PressSec: .@realDonaldTrump was measured &amp, decisive today. @SpeakerPelosi walking out was baffling but not surprising w NO intention of...
I’m fighting for the American people, but the Democrats’ sole focus is fighting against ME with their fraudulent Witch Hunt. Go to https://t.co/Dt42WogFxM and tell Democrats in Congress that Enough is Enough!
FAKE NEWS! https://t.co/ta8ii8yetP
THANK YOU, WORKING HARD! https://t.co/sNUppjB4Xm
https://t.co/O8E3i8kJwS
Guatemala, Honduras &amp, El Salvador have all signed historic Asylum Cooperation Agreements and are working to end the scourge of human smuggling. To further accelerate this progress, the U.S. will shortly be approving targeted assistance in the areas of law enforcement &amp, security.
Senator Rand Paul just wrote a great book, “The Case Against Socialism” which is now out. Highly recommended – as America was founded on LIBERTY &amp, INDEPENDENCE – not government coercion, domination &amp, control. We were born free, and will stay free, as long as I am your President!
Republicans are totally deprived of their rights in this Impeachment Witch Hunt. No lawyers, no questions, no transparency! The good news is that the Radical Left Dems have No Case. It is all based on their Fraud and Fabrication!
Our record Economy would CRASH, just like in 1929, if any of those clowns became President!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! Just won two Congressional Seats in North Carolina,  &amp, a Governors runoff in Louisiana, which Republicans should now win! Because of Impeachment Fraud, we will easily take back the House, add in the Senate, &amp, again win Pres!
“What is happening to President Trump with Impeachment is a Constitutional Travesty.” @GrahamLedger  The likes of which we have never seen before. It is Adam Schiff and Nancy Pelosi who should be impeached for fraud!
You would think there is NO WAY that any of the Democrat Candidates that we witnessed last night could possibly become President of the United States. Now you see why they have no choice but to push a totally illegal &amp, absurd Impeachment of one of the most successful Presidents!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Just out: MEDIAN HOUSEHOLD INCOME IS AT THE HIGHEST POINT EVER, EVER, EVER! How about saying it this way, IN THE HISTO...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Democrats are allowing no transparency at the Witch Hunt hearings. If Republicans ever did this they would be excoriat...
RT @CortesSteve: As Hispanic Heritage Month wraps up, please see my interview with ⁦@LaraLeaTrump⁩ about the #TrumpBoom and the benefits fo...
RT @CLewandowski_: Great new book just released by ⁦@RandPaul⁩. The Case Against Socialism - Rand Paul - Hardcover. Pick up your copy today...
.... It also brings Shifty’s fraudulent MADE UP CALL, which he read to the United States Congress pretending it to be the words of President Trump, which they were not! Nancy Pelosi is involved in this fraud in that she confirmed his fraudulent words on @GMA, and much more!
Shifty Adam Schiff wants to rest his entire case on a Whistleblower who he now says can’t testify, &amp, the reason he can’t testify is that he is afraid to do so because his account of the Presidential telephone call is a fraud &amp, totally different from the actual transcribed call...
https://t.co/Kj1LtwYSXa https://t.co/YgXImlvOYd
The @StLouisBlues amazing comeback reminds us to never give up – and never lose faith. When you work hard, support each other, believe in yourself, and give it everything you’ve got, victory is always within reach! #STLBlues https://t.co/QeF54kqUak
Congratulations @StLouisBlues! https://t.co/WjlWYFuiE6
Now that we have found out that @CNN is a virtual fraud, rumor has it that Jeff Zucker will be resigining momentarily?
Join me in Dallas, Texas this Thursday (October 17th) at the American Airlines Center! #KAG2020Tickets: https://t.co/DBmvgoQSTX https://t.co/cIuZfcj5EI
....He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Get out and Vote for Tate Reeves on November 5th. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Mississippi, there is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to Get Out and Vote for our Great Republican nominee, @TateReeves. Tate is strong on Crime, tough on Illegal Immigration, and will protect your Second Amendment....
Just out: MEDIAN HOUSEHOLD INCOME IS AT THE HIGHEST POINT EVER, EVER, EVER! How about saying it this way, IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY! Also, MORE PEOPLE WORKING TODAY IN THE USA THAN AT ANY TIME IN HISTORY! Tough numbers for the Radical Left Democrats to beat! Impeach the Pres.
Governor @MattBevin has done a wonderful job for the people of Kentucky! He continues to protect your very important Second Amendment. Matt is Strong on Crime and the Border, he Loves our Great Vets and Military. Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement, and always has!
Hunter Biden was really bad on @GMA. Now Sleepy Joe has real problems! Reminds me of Crooked Hillary and her 33,000 deleted Emails, not recoverable!
Democrats are allowing no transparency at the Witch Hunt hearings. If Republicans ever did this they would be excoriated by the Fake News. Let the facts come out from the charade of people, most of whom I do not know, they are interviewing for 9 hours each, not selective leaks.
“Project Veritas-Obtained Undercover Videos Highlight Jeff Zucker’s (@CNN) Campaign To Destroy Trump. Videos Reveal @CNN’s BIAS!” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews Does this sound like a good, or even great, lawsuit?
A big scandal at @ABC News. They got caught using really gruesome FAKE footage of the Turks bombing in Syria. A real disgrace. Tomorrow they will ask softball questions to Sleepy Joe Biden’s son, Hunter, like why did Ukraine &amp, China pay you millions when you knew nothing? Payoff?
Shifty Schiff now seems to think they don’t need the Whistleblower, who started the whole Scam. The reason is that the Whistleblower has lost all credibility because the story is so far from the facts on the Transcript. Also, the second Whistleblower is no longer even mentioned!
Shifty Schiff now seems to think they don’t need the Whistleblower, who started the whole Scam. The reason is that the Whistleblower has lost all credibility because the story is so far from the facts on the Transcrpt. Also, the second Whistleblower is no longer even mentioned!
"""The House gone rogue! I want to remind you a little bit about the ring leader in this whole rogue operation against the President of the United States..."" @MarkLevinShow https://t.co/EkXsaR9GPh"
"""It doesn't speak for the FULL HOUSE because the FULL HOUSE hasn't spoken. The Democrat Party is pushing this Impeachment. This is a Democrat Party Impeachment, as I have been saying, a silent COUP effort."" @MarkLevinShow https://t.co/sA9EgI2yBL"
"""The Democrat Party has hijacked the House of Representatives..."" @MarkLevinShow https://t.co/SZhfmhzec2"
Statement from President Donald J. Trump Regarding Turkey’s Actions in Northeast Syria https://t.co/ZCQC7nzmME
....I would much rather focus on our Southern Border which abuts and is part of the United States of America. And by the way, numbers are way down and the WALL is being built!
Some people want the United States to protect the 7,000 mile away Border of Syria, presided over by Bashar al-Assad, our enemy. At the same time, Syria and whoever they chose to help, wants naturally to protect the Kurds....
....and Assad to protect the land of our enemy? Anyone who wants to assist Syria in protecting the Kurds is good with me, whether it is Russia, China, or Napoleon Bonaparte. I hope they all do great, we are 7,000 miles away!
After defeating 100% of the ISIS Caliphate, I largely moved our troops out of Syria. Let Syria and Assad protect the Kurds and fight Turkey for their own land. I said to my Generals, why should we be fighting for Syria....
....Don't the Europeans have a lot of responsibility?” @KatiePavlich Thank you Katie, I offered ISIS prisoners to the European countries from where they came, and was rejected on numerous occasions. They probably figured that the U.S. would bear the tremendous cost as always!
“To his credit the Europeans didn't step up to deal with this ISIS problem – it’s a lot of the reason why we are in this situation today. Now, Angela Merkel of Germany is finally stepping up and telling Turkey to back off....
"Great new book, ""Resistance (At All Costs): How Trump Haters Are Breaking America"" out by Kimberley Strassel of the Wall Street Journal. Kim has treated us fairly, and for that I am very appreciative. Check it out today, it is great!"
....of the correction which they knew about full well! “Fox News Pollster Braun Research Misrepresented Impeachment Poll: Analysis” @NYPost
The Fox Impeachment poll has turned out to be incorrect. This was announced on Friday. Despite this, the Corrupt New York Times used this poll in one of its stories, no mention....
America First!
RT @MariaBartiromo: 5G networks could be active in 2 to 3 years: Cisco CEO https://t.co/9lQf2uwwwo @MorningsMaria @FoxBusiness
Wow! Hunter Biden is being forced to leave a Chinese Company. Now watch the Fake News wrap their greasy and very protective arms around him. Only softball questions of him please!
https://t.co/Q6NhPEz2Qv
Will be looking into the Scott Hapgood case, and the Island of Anguilla. Something looks and sounds very wrong. I know Anguilla will want to see this case be properly and justly resolved! @foxandfriends @SteveDucey  @ainsleyearhardt
Vote for good guy @seanspicer tonight on Dancing With The Stars. He has always been there for us!
https://t.co/09bac03RX6
https://t.co/kDd9fzjPAh
https://t.co/cvCBBovvFP
Happy Columbus Day!
The same people who got us into the Middle East mess are the people who most want to stay there!
....Kurds may be releasing some to get us involved. Easily recaptured by Turkey or European Nations from where many came, but they should move quickly. Big sanctions on Turkey coming! Do people really think we should go to war with NATO Member Turkey? Never ending wars will end!
Brian Kilmeade over at @foxandfriends got it all wrong. We are not going into another war between people who have been fighting with each other for 200 years. Europe had a chance to get their ISIS prisoners, but didn’t want the cost. “Let the USA pay,” they said...
Former Democrat Senator Harry Reid just stated that Donald Trump is very smart, much more popular than people think, is underestimated, and will be hard to beat in the 2020 Election. Thank you Harry, I agree!
....Democrat’s game was foiled when we caught Schiff fraudulently making up my Ukraine conversation, when I released the exact conversation Transcript, and when Ukrainian President and the Foreign Minister said there was NO PRESSURE, very normal talk! A total Impeachment Scam!
Adam Schiff now doesn’t seem to want the Whistleblower to testify. NO! Must testify to explain why he got my Ukraine conversation sooo wrong, not even close. Did Schiff tell him to do that? We must determine the Whistleblower’s identity to determine WHY this was done to the USA..
“The Democrats are trashing this President, &amp, in the process, trashing the U.S. Constitution. Frankly, the American People need to wake up to the reality that the Democrats are so drunk on power that they’re willing to destroy this Constitutional Republic.” @GrahamLedger @OANN
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Congressman Adam Schiff, who when seeing the REAL Ukraine phone call Transcript decided he’d better make up one of hi...
RT @realDonaldTrump: .....BY THE WAY, DON’T CALL ME AGAIN, I’LL CALL YOU WHEN YOU’VE DONE WHAT I’VE ASKED.’” A reminder, that wasn’t just s...
“Serial killers get more Due Process than the Democrats give to the President of the United States.” @marklevinshow
RT @Jim_Jordan: There has been a lot of noise since @SpeakerPelosi decided to call for impeachment before having the facts. Here are a few...
Somebody please explain to Chris Wallace of Fox, who will never be his father (and my friend), Mike Wallace, that the Phone Conversation I had with the President of Ukraine was a congenial &amp, good one. It was only Schiff’s made up version of that conversation that was bad!
The U.S. has the worst of the ISIS prisoners. Turkey and the Kurds must not let them escape. Europe should have taken them back after numerous requests. They should do it now. They will never come to, or be allowed in, the United States!
He should be Impeached for Fraud! https://t.co/lu3xKFQaON
.@marklevinshow on @FoxNews is doing a big show tonight on the Democrat’s Impeachment Scam. 10:00 P.M. No guests, just Mark. He is angry (like so many others!). At 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews, Steve Hilton is looking into the Crooked Bidens. Where’s Hunter?
.....BY THE WAY, DON’T CALL ME AGAIN, I’LL CALL YOU WHEN YOU’VE DONE WHAT I’VE ASKED.’” A reminder, that wasn’t just stupid, it was FALSE.” @greggutfeld @GregGutfeldShow @FoxNews  I never said this. Schiff made it up and read it to Congress &amp, the American People. End Witch Hunt!
“Congressman Adam Schiff, who when seeing the REAL Ukraine phone call Transcript decided he’d better make up one of his own. ‘I’m going to say this only SEVEN times, so you better listen good. I want you to MAKE UP DIRT ON MY POLITICAL OPPONENT, UNDERSTAND, LOTS OF IT, AND.....
CHINA HAS ALREADY BEGUN AGRICULTURAL PURCHASES FROM OUR GREAT PATRIOT FARMERS &amp, RANCHERS!
....I agreed not to increase Tariffs from 25% to 30% on October 15th. They will remain at 25%. The relationship with China is very good. We will finish out the large Phase One part of the deal, then head directly into Phase Two. The Phase One Deal can be finalized &amp, signed soon!
My deal with China is that they will IMMEDIATELY start buying very large quantities of our Agricultural Product, not wait until the deal is signed over the next 3 or 4 weeks. THEY HAVE ALREADY STARTED! Likewise financial services and other deal aspects, start preparing....
The Democrats are going to lose a lot of House Seats because of their Fraudulent use of Impeachment. Schiff fabricated phone call, a crime. Democrat Senate Seats will also be put at risk, even some that were supposedly safe. Look at Louisiana last night, North Carolina last week!
Happy Birthday @USNavy! https://t.co/H0lNgAdogV
We have become a far greater Economic Power than ever before, and we are using that power for WORLD PEACE!
Where’s Hunter? He has totally disappeared! Now looks like he has raided and scammed even more countries! Media is AWOL.
Dealing with @LindseyGrahamSC and many members of Congress, including Democrats, about imposing powerful Sanctions on Turkey. Treasury is ready to go, additional legislation may be sought. There is great consensus on this. Turkey has asked that it not be done. Stay tuned!
.....The Kurds and Turkey have been fighting for many years. Turkey considers the PKK the worst terrorists of all. Others may want to come in and fight for one side or the other. Let them! We are monitoring the situation closely. Endless Wars!
Do you remember two years ago when Iraq was going to fight the Kurds in a different part of Syria. Many people wanted us to fight with the Kurds against Iraq, who we just fought for. I said no, and the Kurds left the fight, twice. Now the same thing is happening with Turkey......
Very smart not to be involved in the intense fighting along the Turkish Border, for a change. Those that mistakenly got us into the Middle East Wars are still pushing to fight. They have no idea what a bad decision they have made. Why are they not asking for a Declaration of War?
The Media is not talking about the big Republican victory last night in Louisiana where a sitting Democrat Governor was forced into a runoff by not getting 50%. Big upset! Now @EddieRispone, who will be a great Governor, will win!
A despicable human being! https://t.co/3KpgUuRaXU
Congratulations to the Great State of Louisiana. A big night. You will soon have a new and wonderful Governor, @EddieRispone. Your Taxes and Car Insurance Payments will go DOWN!
RT @DevinNunes: CA Republicans tried to repeal new gas tax. Unfortunately Dem/Socialists/Media rejected it. Now we pay the price here in CA...
RT @DevinNunes: Did Mueller lie to Congress about meeting with Trump before he took the special counsel job? | Fox News ⁦@GreggJarrett⁩  ht...
RT @EricTrump: Thanks Brian! https://t.co/GnOy2Wn8kH
RT @DanScavino: https://t.co/KeCSTIVms0
The same people that got us into the Middle East Quicksand, 8 Trillion Dollars and many thousands of lives (and millions of lives when you count the other side), are now fighting to keep us there. Don’t listen to people that haven’t got a clue. They have proven to be inept!
The Governor of Louisiana, John Bel Edwards, has done a poor job. NOW HE IS IN A RUNOFF WITH A GREAT REPUBLICAN, @EddieRispone. Thank you Louisiana! 66% down to 47% after I explained what a bad job the Governor was doing.
The Endless Wars Must End!
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/YBmYOsGdK3 https://t.co/LWCWvpeIqn
Start thinking about getting bigger tractors! https://t.co/MhmvNhAA4r
That is the real story! https://t.co/fG3zvMIaxp
RT @Jim_Jordan: Why won’t Democrats focus on helping the country, instead of attacking the President with this unfair and partisan process?
RT @ericbolling: “Lockdown”?? #FakeNews@SecPompeo gave me unprecedented access at State this week. Answered all my questions about Ukrai...
https://t.co/YBmYOsGdK3 https://t.co/LWCWvpeIqn
https://t.co/0DTxsaGKZ1
So now they are after the legendary “crime buster” and greatest Mayor in the history of NYC, Rudy Giuliani. He may seem a little rough around the edges sometimes, but he is also a great guy and wonderful lawyer. Such a one sided Witch Hunt going on in USA. Deep State. Shameful!
Louisiana, get out and vote REPUBLICAN before going to the big game today. A runoff will be a tremendous win for your Great State - lower taxes and car insurance, and better protection of your 2nd Amendment! Fantastic being with you last night!
....Other aspects of the deal are also great - technology, financial services, 16-20 Billion in Boeing Planes etc., but WOW, the Farmers really hit pay dirt! @ChuckGrassley @joniernst @debfisher @BenSasse  Thank you to all Republicans in Congress for your invaluable help!
The deal I just made with China is, by far, the greatest and biggest deal ever made for our Great Patriot Farmers in the history of our Country. In fact, there is a question as to whether or not this much product can be produced? Our farmers will figure it out. Thank you China!
The case of Major Mathew Golsteyn is now under review at the White House. Mathew is a highly decorated Green Beret who is being tried for killing a Taliban bombmaker. We train our boys to be killing machines, then prosecute them when they kill! @PeteHegseth
“Schiff aides worked with Whistleblower.” @foxandfriends  @RepLeeZeldin  Schiff is a lying mess!
LOUISIANA — Tomorrow, you will head to the polls and VOTE to REPLACE Liberal Democrat John Bel Edwards with a great new REPUBLICAN Governor! Get out and vote for either @DocAbraham or @EddieRispone (BOTH GREAT)! https://t.co/Qyu6z9nZXr
Louisiana REPUBLICANS, thank you for a great evening. Get out TOMORROW and VOTE REPUBLICAN! Send the Radical Democrat establishment a loud and clear message that you are going to FIRE your Democrat Governor, John Bel Edwards and send a Great Republican to the Governor’s Mansion! https://t.co/4GHVNz8lda
“I never saw so many subpoenas!” @ShannonBream  @FoxNews  The Democrats have gone Crazy. Just read the Transcript, or listen to the New Ukraine President’s statement, NO PRESSURE! This is a Democrat Con Job. Impeach Schiff for FRAUD!
So funny to watch Steve Kerr grovel and pander when asked a simple question about China. He chocked, and looks weak and pathetic. Don’t want him at the White House!
WHERE’S HUNTER?
RT @realDonaldTrump: Just landed in Louisiana! Vote against John Bel Edwards, he has the worst jobs record in the United States. Louisiana...
RT @DanScavino: President @realDonaldTrump has arrived at the James E. Sudduth Coliseum in Lake Charles, Louisiana. Get out TOMORROW and VO...
RT @VP: Thank you Kevin McAleenan for your dedication and service to our country! You have done great work securing our border and we are t...
RT @seanhannity: Biden's Ukraine warning 👇 https://t.co/KYzpnLIrMX https://t.co/JN0ph3cuCb
RT @Scavino45: President Trump departing the @WhiteHouse shortly for Louisiana! https://t.co/la6tL5LbUX
Is he leaving due to bad ratings, or some other less important reason? https://t.co/XBr7xVgarc
Just landed in Louisiana! Vote against John Bel Edwards, he has the worst jobs record in the United States. Louisiana will do much better by electing a REPUBLICAN. See everyone soon! @LAGOP https://t.co/V1rVXEEuso
....Congratulations Kevin, on a job well done! I will be announcing the new Acting Secretary next week. Many wonderful candidates!
Kevin McAleenan has done an outstanding job as Acting Secretary of Homeland Security. We have worked well together with Border Crossings being way down. Kevin now, after many years in Government, wants to spend more time with his family and go to the private sector....
RT @IvankaTrump: Women are absolutely critical to the National Security of a Nation &amp, need to be brought to the negotiating table during pe...
A terrible and very dishonest person! https://t.co/bomdDcHTT4
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump has authorized a new executive order giving @USTreasury, in consultation with himself and @SecPo...
RT @seanhannity: McCabe's admission... https://t.co/HrXgIIHolO
RT @realDonaldTrump: We love you @MinneapolisPD, THANK YOU! #LESM https://t.co/fkOL8dCNP2
We love you @MinneapolisPD, THANK YOU! #LESM https://t.co/fkOL8dCNP2
RT @seanhannity: NFL FLASHBACK https://t.co/wDAMnrpYPY
Really good news! https://t.co/dbc6AgzNPx
RT @WhiteHouse: The old barriers along our southern border were built to defend against vehicle crossings—and not much else.How comprehen...
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/U4PIG5LPlX
RT @freedomcaucus: Being in contact with a key witness and then lying about it renders Adam Schiff unqualified to lead a fair and just inqu...
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""It breaks my heart every time I speak to one of these victims."" @ICEgov can intervene before preventable crimes happen by..."
RT @seanhannity: #HANNITY: Sean lays out what’s REALLY behind the Dems’ impeachment hysteria and all of their phony witch hunts. Watch! htt...
RT @seanhannity: Collins RIPS Dems: “Conducting an impeachment investigation behind closed doors isn’t just unprecedented—it’s un-American....
So Great! https://t.co/WZSY7E0A2M
RT @KRCG13: In Kansas City today, Gov. Mike Parson, U.S. Sen @RoyBlunt, presidential advisor @IvankaTrump,  @HHSGov Secretary Alex Azar and...
RT @seanhannity: Really? https://t.co/7Wap0kKXyi
RT @BillOReilly: New survey reveals that 45% of adults find it hard to make new friends — the average adult has not made a new friend in 5...
RT @seanhannity: The White House Refuses to ‘Legitimize’ the ‘Illegitimate’ Impeachment Inquiry https://t.co/A6os0wVCW5 https://t.co/ej4Rez...
RT @WhiteHouse: ✔ 13,000 new construction jobs✔ 3,000 new manufacturing jobs✔ Jobless rate down from 4% to 3.3%Minnesotans are winning...
RT @IvankaTrump: We are striving to ensure all hard-working Americans have access to high-quality, affordable childcare. Thank you ⁦@GovPa...
RT @CLewandowski_: Trump Doral to host political fest with Trump, Jr., Sarah Sanders and Corey Lewandowski - News - The Palm Beach Post - W...
RT @WhiteHouse: USMCA updates NAFTA to achieve goals that Democrats have long claimed to support. So what’s the holdup?Yesterday, @VP had...
RT @DanScavino: President @realDonaldTrump arrives at the Target Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota for a MASSIVE TRUMP RALLY. Speechless — t...
A Giant Scam! https://t.co/Go4TffoEaq
Amazing Evening! https://t.co/jVTW8sRJpf
RT @WaysandMeansGOP: #USMCA will build on the strong economy, benefitting farmers, small businesses, and manufacturers across the country....
RT @HouseGOP: “We’re just waiting on Congress...” – Jed Clark, Kentucky Farmer Farmers in Kentucky and all across America are waiting for...
The Do Nothing Democrats. Thanks Vicky! https://t.co/WEZgrvobs3
Do you believe this?  A total Scam! https://t.co/ihJmne0AbW
RT @DanScavino: More overflow tonight. WOW! #TrumpMinneapolis #KAG2020 https://t.co/WGeLF3Zje0
RT @DanScavino: https://t.co/fk9LxttNsm
RT @DanScavino: 🚨Happening Now‼️#TrumpMinneapolis #KAG2020 https://t.co/Wisfnyv3R1
RT @IvankaTrump: Tune in this morning at 9AM ⬇️ https://t.co/Ut3KvBfIMb
RT @ericbolling: I have accepted an offer to join the @TPUSA Advisory Board.  I think this an important added role for me to take on. @c...
RT @WhiteHouse: ✅ Median household income is at a record high✅ The average household saw a $1400 tax cut✅ Unemployment has fallen to 3.5%...
RT @MariaBartiromo: USMCA passage, China deal should be ‘a one-two punch’: Rep. Tom Reed https://t.co/WcBsEjjir3 @MorningsMaria @FoxBusiness
RT @seanhannity: MAGA in Minnesota! https://t.co/7KTlWI9pnP
A great evening in beautiful Minnesota! https://t.co/xgfAKaRSlM
What a disgraceful legal system for this guy to still be around after all of these years. A vicious killer who destroyed so many great people &amp, families! https://t.co/GTHdZ7BN6B
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you @Udacity for Pledging to providing 100,000 retraining scholarships over the next 5 yrs in⬇▪️Artificial intellig...
RT @WhiteHouse: National Security Adviser Robert O'Brien: “We made this very clear to President Erdogan early on that the invasion of Syria...
Will be with our two GREAT Senators, @SenJohnKennedy &amp, @SenBillCassidy, tonight in Louisiana. These two hard working, really smart men, love their Country and love their State. We will hopefully add a Great New Republican Governor to the beautiful Louisiana mix! See you tonight!
One of the great things about the China Deal is the fact that, for various reasons, we do not have to go through the very long and politically complex Congressional Approval Process. When the deal is fully negotiated, I sign it myself on behalf of our Country. Fast and Clean!
I will be in Louisiana tonight (Love it!) to get Republicans to vote for either of our two great Republican Candidates and force a run off with John Bel Edwards, who has done a really poor job of tax cutting, car insurance cost (worst in USA), &amp, is suspect on your 2nd Amendment!
RT @jasonrantz: Must watch Tucker Carlson segment! https://t.co/HdvFkjIj3n
Unemployment Rate just dropped to 3.5%, the lowest in more that 50 years. Is that an impeachable event for your President?
Good things are happening at China Trade Talk Meeting. Warmer feelings than in recent past, more like the Old Days. I will be meeting with the Vice Premier today. All would like to see something significant happen!
Over the next 13 months, we are going to fight with all of our heart and soul – and we are going to win the Great State of Minnesota in 2020! #TrumpMinneapolis #KAG2020 https://t.co/c3FQnrPJWr
A GREAT evening in Minneapolis, Minnesota with incredible American Patriots. THANK YOU! https://t.co/b3UQEo0wPq
The joint statement released with President Bolsonaro in March makes absolutely clear that I support Brazil beginning the process for full OECD membership. The United States stands by that statement and stands by @jairbolsonaro. This article is FAKE NEWS! https://t.co/Hym9ZATHjt
The joint statement released with President Bolsonaro in March makes absolutely clear that I support Brazil beginning the process for full OECD membership. The United States stands by that statement and stands by  @jairbolsonaro. This article is FAKE NEWS! https://t.co/Hym9ZATHjt
WOW, THANK YOU Minneapolis, Minnesota — on my way! #KAG2020 https://t.co/Czl6GbCCxN
....We have one of three choices: Send in thousands of troops and win Militarily, hit Turkey very hard Financially and with Sanctions, or mediate a deal between Turkey and the Kurds!
We defeated 100% of the ISIS Caliphate and no longer have any troops in the area under attack by Turkey, in Syria. We did our job perfectly! Now Turkey is attacking the Kurds, who have been fighting each other for 200 years....
https://t.co/sI5hZ81ASL
https://t.co/HZzDQY5QqV
Big day of negotiations with China. They want to make a deal, but do I? I meet with the Vice Premier tomorrow at The White House.
Why isn’t the IG investigating his so-called Whistleblower? All bad info!
The President of the Ukraine just stated again, in the strongest of language, that President Trump applied no pressure and did absolutely nothing wrong. He used the strongest language possible. That should end this Democrat Scam, but it won’t, because the Dems &amp, Media are FIXED!
Thank you to @OANN One America News for your fair coverage and brilliant reporting. It is appreciated by many people trying so hard to find a new, consistent and powerful VOICE! See you tonight at the Big Rally in Minneapolis.
....the area and start a new war all over again. Turkey is a member of NATO. Others say STAY OUT, let the Kurds fight their own battles (even with our financial help). I say hit Turkey very hard financially &amp, with sanctions if they don’t play by the rules! I am watching closely.
Turkey has been planning to attack the Kurds for a long time. They have been fighting forever. We have no soldiers or Military anywhere near the attack area. I am trying to end the ENDLESS WARS. Talking to both sides. Some want us to send tens of thousands of soldiers to....
RT @IvankaTrump: See you soon in Kansas City, Missouri @RoyBlunt! https://t.co/6FW7zumXdZ
"RT @MariaBartiromo: Today @newtgingrich ""You can always impeach if you are in the majority and if you want to commit suicide &amp, that's what..."
"RT @MariaBartiromo: ""This is not an impeachment. This is a coup"" - @newtgingrich @MorningsMaria @FoxBusiness ""the left hates trump that inc..."
Where is Hunter Biden? He has disappeared while the Fake News protects his Crooked daddy! https://t.co/Gtwn0nxOTt
...Court Justice &amp, I turned him down (he’s been terrible ever since), Shep Smith, @donnabrazile (who gave Crooked Hillary the debate questions &amp, got fired from @CNN), &amp, others, @FoxNews doesn’t deliver for US anymore. It is so different than it used to be. Oh well, I’m President!
From the day I announced I was running for President, I have NEVER had a good @FoxNews Poll. Whoever their Pollster is, they suck. But @FoxNews is also much different than it used to be in the good old days. With people like Andrew Napolitano, who wanted to be a Supreme....
“Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky told reporters Thursday his controversial July call with President Trump involved no bribe, blackmail or quid pro quo, as impeachment-minded Democrats claim.” This should immediately end the talk of impeachment! https://t.co/0mOTK4dNC3
In case the Kurds or Turkey lose control, the United States has already taken the 2 ISIS militants tied to beheadings in Syria, known as the Beetles, out of that country and into a secure location controlled by the U.S. They are the worst of the worst!
Impeached for what, having created the greatest Economy in the history of our Country, building our strongest ever Military, Cutting Taxes too much? https://t.co/LWxfEcRmj4
A different take! https://t.co/XKnQ6XTF0k
RT @ABCPolitics: President Trump criticizes Steve Kerr and Gregg Popovich — both vocal critics of Trump — when asked about China putting pr...
“I don’t think it’s a Whistleblower at all. I think this is an anonymous source for the Democratic Staff in the House of Representatives. This is an insult to real Whistleblowers. Actual Whistleblowers go on to have their whole lives upended.” John Kiriakou  @TuckerCarlson
https://t.co/I6VsoDIQQp
Pelosi, Nadler, Schiff and, of course, Maxine Waters! Can you believe this?
So pathetic to see Sleepy Joe Biden, who with his son, Hunter, and to the detriment of the American Taxpayer, has ripped off at least two countries for millions of dollars, calling for my impeachment - and I did nothing wrong. Joe’s Failing Campaign gave him no other choice!
Only 25 percent want the President Impeached, which is pretty low considering the volume of Fake News coverage, but pretty high considering the fact that I did NOTHING wrong. It is all just a continuation of the greatest Scam and Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!
So why is someone a good or great President if they needed to Spy on someone else’s Campaign in order to win (that didn’t work out so well), and if they were unable to fill 142 important Federal Judgeships (a record by far), handing them all to me to choose. Will have 182 soon!
....DACA stand, with all of its negative legal implications, the Republicans and Democrats will have a DEAL to let them stay in our Country, in very short order. It would actually benefit DACA, and be done the right way!
President Obama said that he did not have the right to sign DACA, that it will never hold up in court. He signed it anyway! If the Supreme Court upholds DACA, it gives the President extraordinary powers, far greater than ever thought. If they do what is right and do not let......
So why is someone a good or great President if they needed to Spy on someone else’s Campaign in order to win (that didn’t work out so well), and if they were unable to fill 142 important Federal Judgeships (a record by far), handing them all to me to chose. Will have 182 soon!
RT @IngrahamAngle: Dems are now willing to hurt our economy AND the economy of Mexico—all to deny Trump a win on USMCA.  Mexico is urging P...
Crooked Hillary should try it again! https://t.co/UjfIpZp1FA
RT @Jim_Jordan: Democrats are so busy “striking while the iron is hot” that they didn’t even have a vote to start their crazy impeachment p...
True. Should have never been there in the first place! https://t.co/kVXtpB23Wy
Why doesn’t the ICIG do something about this Scam? He should have never let it start, a Dem Hoax! https://t.co/UCbObppWbA
Adam Schiff is a disgrace to our Country! https://t.co/4pM3j1GLev
RT @michaelbeatty3: BOOM@MariaBartiromo is hearing..●IG REPORT OCT 18TH●THICK AS A TELEPHONE BOOK @realDonaldTrump #PANIC #WednesdayWisd...
So true Don, and this was a big lie. Look what happened to Friends of Trump, for less. Can’t let this pass! https://t.co/u2To514DNq
RT @GOP: Every 2020 campaign needs to be asked: Did the whistleblower communicate with you or any of your associates prior to or after the...
RT @AmericaNewsroom: COMING UP: @Jim_Jordan joins us at 10:00 ET! #nine2noon https://t.co/0bf8bbTzI8
RT @MattWolking: Democrats are “deposing witnesses behind closed doors &amp, denying Republicans fair time to ask questions &amp, the right to call...
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: It’s good that this partisan hit job is coming to light but based on the bullshit of the last 3 years did anyone really...
But we are now, for the first time, giving companies a better alternative! https://t.co/jJFKywyIGw
Great support from GOP in fighting the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats! https://t.co/qjskHYkQpD
They don’t have a clue, but I do. The USA is doing great despite the Fed! https://t.co/85aW2YGehY
RT @MariaBartiromo: https://t.co/s6LoemTLmR @MorningsMaria @FoxBusiness
....No Pressure at all said Ukraine! Very congenial, a perfect call. The Whistleblower and others spoke BEFORE seeing the Transcript. Now they must apologize to me and stop this ridiculous impeachment!
The so-called Whistleblower, before knowing I was going to release the exact Transcript, stated that my call with the Ukrainian President was “crazy, frightening, and completely lacking in substance related to national security.” This is a very big Lie. Read the Transcript!
The Do Nothing Democrats are Con Artists, only looking to hurt the Republican Party and President. Their total focus is 2020, nothing more, and nothing less. The good news is that WE WILL WIN!!!!
....IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY! We went to war under a false &amp, now disproven premise, WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION. There were NONE! Now we are slowly &amp, carefully bringing our great soldiers &amp, military home. Our focus is on the BIG PICTURE! THE USA IS GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE!
The United States has spent EIGHT TRILLION DOLLARS fighting and policing in the Middle East. Thousands of our Great Soldiers have died or been badly wounded. Millions of people have died on the other side. GOING INTO THE MIDDLE EAST IS THE WORST DECISION EVER MADE.....
RT @SenatorBurr: Wishing an easy and meaningful fast to all those observing Yom Kippur today. https://t.co/inRHZzxzRK
Fighting between various groups that has been going on for hundreds of years. USA should never have been in Middle East. Moved our 50 soldiers out. Turkey MUST take over captured ISIS fighters that Europe refused to have returned. The stupid endless wars, for us, are ending! https://t.co/Fbcem9i55Z
.....The Whistleblower’s lawyer is a big Democrat. The Whistleblower has ties to one of my DEMOCRAT OPPONENTS. Why does the ICIG allow this scam to continue?
The Whistleblower’s facts have been so incorrect about my “no pressure” conversation with the Ukrainian President, and now the conflict of interest and involvement with a Democrat Candidate, that he or she should be exposed and questioned properly. This is no Whistleblower.....
A Total Scam by the Do Nothing Democrats. For the good of the Country, this Wirch Hunt should end now! https://t.co/G2nPapozye
So amazing! https://t.co/UG3DaSkmUc
https://t.co/ap9wN7wkj6
https://t.co/jZLa4vWXAZ
Wow, Just Breaking: “The (big deal) Whistleblower had a ‘PROFESSIONAL TIE’ to 2020 Democratic Candidate.” Washington Examiner, @ByronYork  In other words, was working with someone who was potentially running against me. Why wasn’t this reported by the ICIG? A Witch Hunt Scam!
“Bob Mueller was pursuing the FBI Director job when he met with President Trump in 2017, Administration officials say.” @FoxNews  Bret Baier and Jake Gibson @seanhannity This is true even though Mueller denied it!
RT @senatemajldr: The time for excuses is over. The USMCA needs to move this fall. Workers and small businesses in Kentucky and across the...
The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of the USA! https://t.co/6FW11oLBv3
RT @senatemajldr: The USMCA would create 176,000 jobs for American workers and generate $68 billion in wealth for America. House Democrats...
Gasoline Prices in the State of California are MUCH HIGHER than anywhere else in the Nation ($2.50 vs. $4.50). I guess those very expensive and unsafe cars that they are mandating just aren’t doing the trick! Don’t worry California, relief is on the way. The State doesn’t get it!
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Reminder that while House Democrats have spent basically their entire first year as a majority this Congress throwing a...
....If there is a Runoff in Louisiana, you will have a great new Republican Governor who will Cut your Taxes and Car Insurance, and do a fabulous job for you and your family. Vote Republican, the Party of Honest Abe Lincoln!
Big Rally in Louisiana on Friday night. Must force a runoff with a Liberal Democrat Governor, John Bel Edwards, who has let your Taxes and Car Insurance get too high, and will never protect your 2nd Amendment. Vote for one of our two great Republicans on Saturday, force a runoff!
This is just the beginning, thank you to @ByronYork! https://t.co/1ceplqe5MZ
The U.S. Border is SECURE! https://t.co/h9EPUPL1uS
....In fact, the “Cops For Trump” T-shirt Web Site CRASHED because of incredible volume, but is now back up and running. Proceeds go to the Police Union Charities. See you on Thursday night in Minneapolis!
Radical Left Dem Mayor of Minneapolis, Jacob Frey, is doing everything possible to stifle Free Speech despite a record sell-out crowd at the Target Center. Presidents Clinton and Obama paid almost nothing! The Minneapolis Police have been incredible....
Friday night in Louisiana will be Great. Big crowd expected. Republicans must get out and vote for either of our two incredible candidates (@DocAbraham &amp, @EddieRispone) so we can stop Left Leaning Governor John Bel Edwards from getting over 50%. We will easily win the runoff! https://t.co/TRiTu71ny2
RT @bennyjohnson: Mahalet was born in Ethiopia.Abandoned by her parents, she lived as an impoverished orphan.Mahalet was adopted by a lo...
Hasn’t Adam Schiff been fully discredited by now? Do we have to continue listening to his lies?
https://t.co/bh1FyxfUiA
Get your great T-Shirts, “Cops for Trump,” at https://t.co/pmhDDXsIlx  REALLY NICE! Thank you to Minneapolis Police Officers &amp, Union! @foxandfriends
Someone please tell the Radical Left Mayor of Minneapolis that he can’t price out Free Speech. Probably illegal! I stand strongly &amp, proudly with the great Police Officers and Law Enforcement of Minneapolis and the Great State of Minnesota! See you Thursday Night!
Thank you to Lt. Bob Kroll of the great Minneapolis Police Department for your kind words on @foxandfriends. The Police are fighting the Radical Left Mayor, and his ridiculous Uniform Ban. Actually, I LOVE the Cops for Trump shirts. Want to bring some home. I am with you 100%!!!!
I think that Crooked Hillary Clinton should enter the race to try and steal it away from Uber Left Elizabeth Warren. Only one condition. The Crooked one must explain all of her high crimes and misdemeanors including how &amp, why she deleted 33,000 Emails AFTER getting “C” Subpoena!
....to see. Importantly, Ambassador Sondland’s tweet, which few report, stated, “I believe you are incorrect about President Trump’s intentions. The President has been crystal clear: no quid pro quo’s of any kind.” That says it ALL!
I would love to send Ambassador Sondland, a really good man and great American, to testify, but unfortunately he would be testifying before a totally compromised kangaroo court, where Republican’s rights have been taken away, and true facts are not allowed out for the public....
....understands that while we only had 50 soldiers remaining in that section of Syria, and they have been removed, any unforced or unnecessary fighting by Turkey will be devastating to their economy and to their very fragile currency. We are helping the Kurds financially/weapons!
We may be in the process of leaving Syria, but in no way have we Abandoned the Kurds, who are special people and wonderful fighters. Likewise our relationship with Turkey, a NATO and Trading partner, has been very good. Turkey already has a large Kurdish population and fully....
.....good health, at my request, Pastor Brunson, who had many years of a long prison term remaining. Also remember, and importantly, that Turkey is an important member in good standing of NATO. He is coming to the U.S. as my guest on November 13th. #ENDENDLESSWARS
So many people conveniently forget that Turkey is a big trading partner of the United States, in fact they make the structural steel frame for our F-35 Fighter Jet. They have also been good to deal with, helping me to save many lives at Idlib Province, and returning, in very.....
The lightweight mayor is hurting the great police and other wonderful supporters. 72,000 ticket requests already. Dump Frey and Omar! Make America Great Again! https://t.co/ibTqvSbsbn
"RT @toddstarnes: EXTORTION! Minneapolis Mayor Tries to Shut Down Trump's ""Keep America Great"" Rally https://t.co/oHprL8dmvR via @toddstarnes"
RT @parscale: This is an outrageous abuse of power by a liberal mayor trying to deny the rights of his own city’s residents just because he...
Thank you Joni! https://t.co/1DoUqOvOpp
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump is negotiating REAL trade deals for the American people.He’s made fairer trade deals with:✅ J...
RT @TeamTrump: WATCH: President @realDonaldTrump discusses signing two early outcomes from trade negotiations with Japan!1️⃣ Will allow b...
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump just signed two new trade agreements with Japan, changing the game for American farmers and ranc...
RT @PressSec: Our Commander-in-Chief @realDonaldTrump has made it his priority to keep this country safe and empower our military leaders!...
RT @CLewandowski_: Great to be on with @LouDobbs reminding the American people of the Promises Made, Promises Kept by @realDonaldTrump http...
RT @parscale: The radical Mayor of Minneapolis, @Jacob_Frey, is abusing his power in an attempt to block the President's supporters from se...
RT @SteveScalise: This entire process has been a scam.Dems now plan to only allow themselves and their staff to know the whistleblower’s...
"RT @MZHemingway: VDH: ""The only Trump 'crime' was in his winning an election he was not supposed to win."" https://t.co/OktSCWn3dC"
RT @AP_Scoop: FBI Lovebirds premieres TONIGHT at 9PM EST!  Don't forget to sign up at https://t.co/0waUPlIErW so you see the video as soon...
RT @seanmdav: Lawmakers in both chambers have demanded that IC IG Michael Atkinson explain why he backdated to August secret changes he mad...
RT @JohnCornyn: The do it in secret, cherry pick and leak whatever furthers their narrative.  Put it out there for all to see. https://t.co...
RT @MZHemingway: County Records Contradict Warren’s Claim She Was Fired Over Pregnancy  https://t.co/uJXjq96r7e
RT @brithume: Uh, oh. https://t.co/uFnwzCPT0f
RT @KimStrassel: When even the WaPo fact checkers can't avoid calling out Schiff, it's bad....  https://t.co/UKIRguaTrZ
"RT @cathybuffaloe: ""If the public can’t trust Mr. Schiff to be honest about the origins of his information, why should they trust his claim..."
RT @ShannonBream: Per Catherine Herridge:  IC Inspector General told lawmakers the whistleblower did not disclose contact w Schiff/Committe...
RT @KimStrassel: Kimberley Strassel on Dems' 'mystifying' impeachment push: Americans will see the 'double standard' https://t.co/aAYlcTcY1...
RT @KimStrassel: Impeachment insanity. The Kavanaugh hit. FBI/DOJ abuse of power. The Mueller mess. Leaks. Media malpractice. In just 10 da...
RT @hughhewitt: I have promoted @KimStrassel book frequently on the air and in two @washingtonpost columns because it persuasively and succ...
RT @MZHemingway: EXCLUSIVE: Report Shows FBI Official Received Sports Tickets From CNN Reporter And Lied About It To Investigators https://...
RT @GOPChairwoman: New data is out on median income growth:Under Barack Obama, incomes rose $11 a month.Under @realDonaldTrump, incomes...
“There are no felonies, there are no Impeachable offenses. The Constitution’s very clear that you need bribery, treason, or other high crimes and misdemeanors. You can’t be impeached for the conduct that’s been alleged in this case.” @AlanDersh Dershowitz. @seanhannity  A Scam!
RT @JesseBWatters: This is why the democrats are so nervous. Because President @realdonaldtrump is finally dialing in on the corruption and...
RT @Jim_Jordan: “Democrats trying to impeach President Trump are misusing their authority”https://t.co/rnajju0GC4
RT @IvankaTrump: Today the USA and Japan signed 2 new trade agreements 🇺🇸 🇯🇵1) Agricultural Agt: +90% of US ag imports into Japan will be...
RT @trish_regan: DREAM BIG and always be open to opportunities – that’s @IvankaTrump’s advice to all #Americans – watch: https://t.co/JekyV...
....the captured ISIS fighters and families. The U.S. has done far more than anyone could have ever expected, including the capture of 100% of the ISIS Caliphate. It is time now for others in the region, some of great wealth, to protect their own territory. THE USA IS GREAT!
As I have stated strongly before, and just to reiterate, if Turkey does anything that I, in my great and unmatched wisdom, consider to be off limits, I will totally destroy and obliterate the Economy of Turkey (I’ve done before!). They must, with Europe and others, watch over...
RT @Doranimated: From the archives | Surprised by what you're seeing in Northern Syria? I'm not. Back in January 2018, I explained the dile...
RT @Doranimated: We aligned under Obama not with “the Kurds,” but with the PKK, the sworn enemy of the Turkish Republic, our ally.  We were...
RT @hughhewitt: Turkey can’t want a war with Kurds but if it does we can’t be killing Turks with Americans throughout Turkey, our base ther...
RT @hughhewitt: Stream of stories in @Jerusalem_Post about @realDonaldTrump and Turkey: https://t.co/iTl0I0iIpd Now breaking news of an Erd...
RT @hughhewitt: I went w/ @AmbJohnBolton to Jerusalem and Ankara in January Michael. I don’t know what we can do other than a staged withdr...
RT @KurtSchlichter: Turkey is invading Northrrn Syria.The President is keeping us out of it.The gang that never met a war they didn’t w...
....down, watching over a quagmire, &amp, spending big dollars to do so. When I took over, our Military was totally depleted. Now it is stronger than ever before. The endless and ridiculous wars are ENDING! We will be focused on the big picture, knowing we can always go back &amp, BLAST!
I was elected on getting out of these ridiculous endless wars, where our great Military functions as a policing operation to the benefit of people who don’t even like the USA. The two most unhappy countries at this move are Russia &amp, China, because they love seeing us bogged.....
The Radical Left Democrats have failed on all fronts, so now they are pushing local New York City and State Democrat prosecutors to go get President Trump. A thing like this has never happened to any President before. Not even close!
....doesn’t even include the almost $2000 that the families got from the Trump Tax Cut.” Stephen Moore, Freedomworks  That means $5000 to $6000 more in disposable yearly income that Americans have right now because of President Trump!
Heritage Foundation “These numbers are blockbusters. Just since Donald Trump took office, Median Family Incomrs are up over $4,100. In 8 years under President Obama, they only went up $1000. In one third the time, President Trump has increased incomes 4 times as much, and that...
“Incomes much higher under Trump than Bush, Obama.” @foxandfriends And almost everything else is better also (except I am driving the Deep State, and the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, CRAZY)!
“IG: DECLASSIFIED INFORMATION CONTRADICTS THE WHISTLEBLOWER.” @foxandfriends  But why are people surprised? The “partisan” Whistleblower was very wrong on what was said on my perfect, “no pressure,” call with the Ukrainian President. Bring in another Whistleblower from the bench!
We just WON the big court case on Net Neutrality Rules! A great win for the future and speed of the internet. Will lead to many big things including 5G. Congratulations to the FCC and its Chairman, Ajit Pai!
...figure the situation out, and what they want to do with the captured ISIS fighters in their “neighborhood.” They all hate ISIS, have been enemies for years. We are 7000 miles away and will crush ISIS again if they come anywhere near us!
....almost 3 years, but it is time for us to get out of these ridiculous Endless Wars, many of them tribal, and bring our soldiers home. WE WILL FIGHT WHERE IT IS TO OUR BENEFIT, AND ONLY FIGHT TO WIN. Turkey, Europe, Syria, Iran, Iraq, Russia and the Kurds will now have to.....
.....again said “NO,” thinking, as usual, that the U.S. is always the “sucker,” on NATO, on Trade, on everything. The Kurds fought with us, but were paid massive amounts of money and equipment to do so. They have been fighting Turkey for decades. I held off this fight for....
....including capturing thousands of ISIS fighters, mostly from Europe. But Europe did not want them back, they said you keep them USA! I said “NO, we did you a great favor and now you want us to hold them in U.S. prisons at tremendous cost. They are yours for trials.” They.....
The United States was supposed to be in Syria for 30 days, that was many years ago. We stayed and got deeper and deeper into battle with no aim in sight. When I arrived in Washington, ISIS was running rampant in the area. We quickly defeated 100% of the ISIS Caliphate,.....
....This makes Nervous Nancy every bit as guilty as Liddle’ Adam Schiff for High Crimes and Misdemeanors, and even Treason. I guess that means that they, along with all of those that evilly “Colluded” with them, must all be immediately Impeached!
Nancy Pelosi knew of all of the many Shifty Adam Schiff lies and massive frauds perpetrated upon Congress and the American people, in the form of a fraudulent speech knowingly delivered as a ruthless con, and the illegal meetings with a highly partisan “Whistleblower” &amp, lawyer...
.@60Minutes “forgot” to report that we are helping the great farmers of the USA to the tune of 28 Billion Dollars, for the last two years, paid for out of Tariffs paid to the United States by China for targeting the farmer. They devalued their currency, therefore paying the cost!
Will be in Houston to be with my friend. Will be a great day in Texas! https://t.co/SqdOZfqd2b
Gerry Baker of @WSJatLarge  “Do you think what you’ve seen rises to the level of impeachment?” Ken Starr, Clinton Special Prosecutor. “I don’t!”
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of “Meet the Press” had a total meltdown in his interview with highly reaspected Senator @RonJohnsonWI. Seems that a not very bright Chuck just wasn’t getting the answers he was looking for in order to make me look as bad as possible. I did NOTHING wrong!
Join me at the Target Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota this Thursday, October 10th at 7:00pm! Tickets: https://t.co/xqJzZt7gsp https://t.co/3YWJOo6MnZ
Good job, I must say, by Bob Woodward on “Deface the Nation.” The CBS no name host(ess), and other guest, Peter Baker of The Failing New York Times, were totally biased, boring and wrong (as usual), but Woodward was cool, calm and interesting. Thank you Bob!
RT @senjudiciary: TODAY: Chairman @LindseyGrahamSC urges Prime Ministers of Australia, Italy and the United Kingdom to continue working wit...
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: Who were these people? What were they up to?    Only by full disclosure can President @realDonaldTrump adequately...
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: Also, House Republicans should have the ability to find out ALL THOSE involved in providing information to the whistle...
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: It’s not right Democrats in the House helped the whistleblower prepare their complaint.  https://t.co/LpE7y2bVFb
RT @senjudiciary: @LindseyGrahamSC @TheJusticeDept Chairman Graham noted, “That the Attorney General is holding meetings with your countr...
Democrat lawyer is same for both Whistleblowers? All support Obama and Crooked Hillary. Witch Hunt! https://t.co/KL78g24AXx
RT @w_terrence: I MET PRESIDENT TRUMP TODAY! Growing up I went from foster house to foster house &amp, i never thought I would be at the Whit...
RT @w_terrence: 2 TIME LOSING MITT ROMNEYRomney begged President Trump to endorse him in 2012 &amp, now he’s always attacking Trump. UNLOYAL!...
DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Will be in Minnesota on Thursday night. Massive response, crowd and enthusiasm (actually, all over the Country) will be beyond belief! Same thing in Louisiana on Friday. Big and Bold USA!
https://t.co/Xsk50hrvvW
https://t.co/Q6LzFFTLyX
RT @RepChrisStewart: Dems have been trying for 3 years to impeach the President. They aren’t “pained” by this. They’re excited. And it’s te...
Going to Louisiana on Friday night for a big Republican Rally. Keep Democrat Governor Edwards under 50%, force a runoff, and have a great new Republican Governor! Voting on Saturday. Information for Rally to follow.
#DONOTHINGDEMOCRATS
....And by the way, I would LOVE running against 1% Joe Biden - I just don’t think it’s going to happen. Sleepy Joe won’t get to the starting gate, &amp, based on all of the money he &amp, his family probably “extorted,” Joe should hang it up. I wouldn’t want him dealing with China &amp, U!
The Biden family was PAID OFF, pure and simple! The fake news must stop making excuses for something that is totally inexcusable. Sleepy Joe said he never spoke to the Ukrainian company, and then the picture came out where he was playing golf with the company boss and Hunter.....
....and separately got 1.5 Billion Dollars from China despite no experience and for no apparent reason. There is NO WAY these can be legitimate transactions? As lawyers &amp, others have stated, as President, I have an OBLIGATION to look into possible, or probable, CORRUPTION!
It is INCREDIBLE to watch and read the Fake News and how they pull out all stops to protect Sleepy Joe Biden and his thrown out of the Military son, Hunter, who was handed $100,000 a month (Plus,Plus) from a Ukrainian based company, even though he had no experience in energy,...
The Democrats are lucky that they don’t have any Mitt Romney types. They may be lousy politicians, with really bad policies (Open Borders, Sanctuary Cities etc.), but they stick together!
RT @GOPChairwoman: Dollars are the real polls right now. We’re DOUBLE where President Obama was at this point in his re-election. Ameri...
"RT @GOPChairwoman: Don’t miss out on the latest “Bombshell Report"" about @realDonaldTrump.Unemployment for Hispanic and African-Americans..."
The Do Nothing Democrats are being exposed! https://t.co/Z5G5oEQOqs
RT @realDonaldTrump: Book is doing really well. A study in unfairness to a potentially great Justice! https://t.co/i6GwghuEsU
The great Scam is being revealed! https://t.co/Ny429UTVUn
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Pelosi Blatantly Lies During @GMA Interview About Schiff's Reading of Ukraine Transcript”https://t.co/a6HEwMnEmU
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you @robertjeffress! https://t.co/GW4hFDbIpj
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/GZH38uGdCK
RT @JohnCornyn: San Francisco made a choice to tolerate vagrancy and encourage drug use. It made the problems worse, writes @HMDatMi https:...
🇺🇸🇦🇺 https://t.co/LsGz56Zc1s
RT @JohnCornyn: Four Pinocchios| Schiff’s false claim his committee had not spoken to the whistleblower https://t.co/hSn9pCugY0
RT @TrumpStudents: Fox News’ @GreggJarrett exposes Joe Biden’s *obvious* Corruption &amp, why Congressional Democrats’ push for impeachment is...
RT @influx_Divine: This is huge, great job standing up to the terrible double standard by this man. God bless sir.https://t.co/Pwv653dFcA...
RT @jasoninthehouse: Worthy. @GreggJarrett has done amazing research.  I suggest you pick up a copy. https://t.co/RVdUQJM39v
https://t.co/uElgSLSoJ8
https://t.co/UBsZoZb20g
https://t.co/F84WZ5LveS
The first so-called second hand information “Whistleblower” got my phone conversation almost completely wrong, so now word is they are going to the bench and another “Whistleblower” is coming in from the Deep State, also with second hand info. Meet with Shifty. Keep them coming!
“President Trump would be negligent if he did not bring this matter, Biden, up. If the V.P. of the U.S. is self enriching &amp, engaged in criminal behavior, at a minimum corrupt behavior, it ought to be looked at.” Peter Schweizer, author, “Secret Empires.” @marklevinshow
Schiff and the Do Nothing Dems have lost all credibility...but the corrupt Media is working hard to keep them in the game! https://t.co/VufsDqYUVu
Mitt, get off the stage, you’ve had your turn (twice)! https://t.co/zz6TA6XoGe
RT @realDonaldTrump: So Crooked Hillary Clinton can delete and acid wash 33,000 emails AFTER getting a Subpoena from the United States Cong...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: This is real reason why Washington Democrats are trying to impeach.It's because the results keep coming. And they're...
RT @SteveScalise: Proven liar Adam Schiff is running the Democrats’ impeachment scheme against @realDonaldTrump.Schiff’s Record:- Collus...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: There's a reason why Adam Schiff released cherry-picked text messages and not the transcript of the Volker interview. I...
So Crooked Hillary Clinton can delete and acid wash 33,000 emails AFTER getting a Subpoena from the United States Congress, but I can’t make one totally appropriate telephone call to the President of Ukraine? Witch Hunt!
No Kevin, Jeff Flake is better! https://t.co/IyENBffEjp
I’m hearing that the Great People of Utah are considering their vote for their Pompous Senator, Mitt Romney, to be a big mistake. I agree! He is a fool who is playing right into the hands of the Do Nothing Democrats! #IMPEACHMITTROMNEY
Not only are the Do Nothing Democrats interfering in the 2020 Election, but they are continuing to interfere in the 2016 Election. They must be stopped!
https://t.co/CP7N9ASHKJ
"""Schiff is a FRAUD!"" @dbongino https://t.co/Izexu2Nb1S"
THIS IS THE REAL STORY! @GreggJarrett https://t.co/aWrTySHJqL
RT @realDonaldTrump: LYIN’ SHIFTY SCHIFF! https://t.co/vSZgFz9fIS
Mitt Romney never knew how to win. He is a pompous “ass” who has been fighting me from the beginning, except when he begged me for my endorsement for his Senate run (I gave it to him), and when he begged me to be Secretary of State (I didn’t give it to him). He is so bad for R’s!
Somebody please wake up Mitt Romney and tell him that my conversation with the Ukrainian President was a congenial and very appropriate one, and my statement on China pertained to corruption, not politics. If Mitt worked this hard on Obama, he could have won. Sadly, he choked!
The so-called Whistleblower’s account of my perfect phone call is “way off,” not even close. Schiff and Pelosi never thought I would release the transcript of the call. Got them by surprise, they got caught. This is a fraud against the American people!
The Media is “Fixed” and Corrupt. It bears no relationship to the truth. The @nytimes &amp, @washingtonpost are pure fiction. Totally dishonest reporting!
"""NEW EXTREME DEMS NOW RUNNING THE PARTY!"" https://t.co/nEAvcUGpZZ"
Thank you @KimStrassel and @AndrewCMcCarthy! https://t.co/aR6J1KIPRX
SHIFTY SCHIFF DUPED BY RUSSIAN PRANKSTERS! https://t.co/CpIL0b5FLW
https://t.co/GZH38uGdCK
https://t.co/N3FaZ5UVI0
RT @GreggJarrett: It seems as if Congressman Schiff has fabricated so many stories that he cannot remember his part of the newest script......
Thank you @robertjeffress! https://t.co/GW4hFDbIpj
RT @GreggJarrett: Witch Hunt: The Story of the Greatest Mass Delusion in American Political History - get your copy now! https://t.co/BLXVt...
“Report: ‘Whistleblower’ Never Disclosed Contact with House Intel Panel to Inspector General”https://t.co/Pmhqdgmxba
GREAT BOOK! https://t.co/LrRr1xhS0d
“Pelosi Blatantly Lies During @GMA Interview About Schiff's Reading of Ukraine Transcript”https://t.co/a6HEwMnEmU
"RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: Conflicted, Biased Inspector General Has Long Track Record of 'Pulling Punches,"" Warn Former Investigatorshttps..."
RT @trish_regan: .@ivankatrump wants businesses to work hand and hand with government to identify and train American workers for the future...
"RT @paulsperry_: Obama-trained Indivisible astroturfers -- fake protesters posing as constituents (or as CNN pretends, ""voter[s]) -- were b..."
RT @paulsperry_: Watching CNN is like seeing the inner workings of an anti-Trump campaign war room. They are lucky they are cable and not r...
RT @paulsperry_: The Obama admin launched an intelligence operation against Trump to derail his campaign &amp, presidency in 2016-17, and now h...
RT @paulsperry_: Once voters understand that Trump was set up and framed by intelligence ops like the whistleblower in 2016, falsely accuse...
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: The whistleblower is a registered Democrat &amp, CIA analyst who was detailed before the 2016 election to the Obama...
Where is the LameStream Media on this? https://t.co/Qaak5dvyKC
Thanks Jim. Would be great to just run our Country! https://t.co/8GcmgQaVYK
“Ex-Envoy testified Ukraine (or the President of Ukraine) never raised Quid Pro Quo concerns with him: source.” @seanhannity @FoxNews  The President of Ukraine also stated that he was NOT PRESSURED by me in any way. END OF CASE!
....of Ukraine, and cannot find any reason to charge the President with high crimes &amp, misdemeanors. This is just a phony Witch Hunt, perpetuated by Democrats to get rid of Trump because they cannot beat him in a fair election.”  Richard Ketay
“It isn’t often I get angry at the dirty politics of the Democrats in Congress, but this time I am enraged and hope this impeachment charade will backfire on Reps. Pelosi &amp, Schiff, &amp, the Democrats. I have read thoroughly the telephone conversation between Trump &amp, the President...
RT @DeFede: This morning in the Florida Keys, @marcorubio was asked about the President calling on China to investigate @JoeBiden - see his...
Along with Pelosi and her boss AOC, the Do Nothing Democrat “leader.” https://t.co/PILyE1c220
Join me at the Target Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota next Thursday, October 10th at 7:00pm! Tickets: https://t.co/xqJzZt7gsp https://t.co/EDkr6JYysX
My daughter Ivanka will be on @trish_regan tonight on @FoxBusiness at 8:00 P.M., following the great @LouDobbs at 7:00. Enjoy!
....it to Congress, and the American people, as though it was the statement of the President of the United States, me. He did it to fool Congress and the public in order to make me look BAD. He is a sick puppy!
“Adam Schiff’s connection to the Whistleblower is coming to light.” @FoxNews  These facts, and others, make it impossible for the ridiculous impeachment “scam” to go forward! Schiff has also committed a crime, perhaps treason, in making up a horrible statement and reading....
LYIN’ SHIFTY SCHIFF! https://t.co/vSZgFz9fIS
“When your making an unsubstantiated charge that the President of the United States is making a request having to do with quid pro quo, this witness has blown a big hole into that statement.The Ambassador put a dagger in the heart of Schiffs fairytale.”  Rep. Lee Zeldin @FoxNews
https://t.co/KYEzdMjl2k
“It was just a congenial phone call, but its become so big. I’ve never seen the Media work so hard with so little.” @greggutfeld @FoxNews  Witch Hunt!
I have just officially nominated Poland for entry into the Visa Waiver Program. With this decades long-awaited announcement, we are in the final steps of the process which, when complete, would grant Polish nationals visa-free business and tourism travel to the U.S. &amp, vice versa.
At the request of @SenThomTillis, I have declared a major disaster for the Great State of North Carolina to help with damages from Hurricane Dorian. Assistance now unlocked to recover stronger than ever! Thom loves N.C,. and so do I!
Under my Administration, Medicare Advantage premiums next year will be their lowest in the last 13 years. We are providing GREAT healthcare to our Seniors. We cannot let the radical socialists take that away through Medicare for All!
RT @SecAzar: Thanks to US leadership under @POTUS, vaccines &amp, therapeutics are saving lives and helping those affected by the #Ebola outbre...
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE: POTUS at the Young Black Leadership Summit https://t.co/fup7JeCSG7
WOW, this is big stuff! https://t.co/H12yxMfua3
“I think it’s outrages that a Whistleblower is a CIA Agent.”  Ed Rollins @FoxNews
“The witness was asked at least 20 times, and there definitely was no Quid Pro Quo.”  @RepMarkMeadows @FoxNews  Their whole case was built around this, now they no longer mention!
RT @TrumpWarRoom: NBC News reports that Hunter Biden met with a Chinese banker while joining then-VP Joe Biden’s official 2013 trip to Chin...
“When your making an unsubstantiated statement that the President is making a claim having to do with quid pro quo, this witness has blown a big hole into that statement. The Ambassador put a dagger in the heart of Schiffs fairytale.”  Rep. Lee Zeldin
https://t.co/uYyoaCXuqu
The Whistleblower, who had the facts wrong about the phone call, reached out, and more, to the Democrat controlled House Intelligence Committee. Schiff never told us about this!
Breaking News: Unemployment Rate, at 3.5%, drops to a 50 YEAR LOW. Wow America, lets impeach your President (even though he did nothing wrong!).
As President I have an obligation to end CORRUPTION, even if that means requesting the help of a foreign country or countries. It is done all the time. This has NOTHING to do with politics or a political campaign against the Bidens. This does have to do with their corruption!
The Washington Times, “Ukraine envoy blows ‘massive hole’ into Democrat accusations. Republicans at hearing find no Trump Pressure.” The Ukrainian President also strongly stated that NO pressure was put on him. Case Closed!
RT @realDonaldTrump: This isn’t about a Campaign, this is about Corruption on a massive scale! https://t.co/DOCvfM8eqi
https://t.co/WaLS3cL5ng
Nancy Pelosi today, on @GMA, actually said that Adam Schiffty Schiff didn’t fabricate my words in a major speech before Congress. She either had no idea what she was saying, in other words lost it, or she lied. Even Clinton lover @GStephanopoulos strongly called her out. Sue her?
“They (Do Nothing Dems) are trying to nullify an election...” Joe diGenova https://t.co/0a7Apd4kUO
This isn’t about a Campaign, this is about Corruption on a massive scale! https://t.co/DOCvfM8eqi
We are simultaneously fighting the Fake News Media and their partner, the Democrat Party. Always tough to beat the “Press,” but people are beginning to see how totally CORRUPT they are, and it makes our job a whole lot easier!
Great job Jim! https://t.co/JMuE3pRWmk
AOC is a Wack Job! https://t.co/LU3hIeek0c
The Do Nothing Democrats don’t have time to get it done! https://t.co/2cwyMtT3Gu
RT @FLOTUS: A great first day in #WY. Met w/ Jackson District @boyscouts at the elk antler arches in town square learning about their conse...
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country! https://t.co/5wvry1rkBT
RT @realDonaldTrump: Today at The Villages in Florida, it was my great honor to sign an Executive Order on protecting and improving Medicar...
RT @JesseBWatters: “Just because Joe Biden is running against President @realdonaldtrump doesn’t mean he’s above the law.” #TheFive https:/...
Another big loss for the Do Nothing Dems! https://t.co/Pwp7dYdF8e
As the President of the United States, I have an absolute right, perhaps even a duty, to investigate, or have investigated, CORRUPTION, and that would include asking, or suggesting, other Countries to help us out!
"""...blowing MASSIVE holes inside of the theory, the narrative, that Chairman Schiff has been providing to the public."" @RepLeeZeldin https://t.co/CUJhiKZfgr"
The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country! https://t.co/5wvry1rkBT
Today at The Villages in Florida, it was my great honor to sign an Executive Order on protecting and improving Medicare for our Nation’s Seniors. Today’s action is only the latest of many important steps we are taking to dramatically improve healthcare for the American People! https://t.co/nWfn2r10o5
“This is yet again an example of Democrats projecting THEIR criminal acts on President Trump. President Trump is an innocent man. It is a lawless coup attempt against a duly elected President.” @replouiegohmert @BreitbartNews
“Trump Fundraising Haul Shows Impeachment Backfiring on Dems” https://t.co/LM1hTQX0lY
There wasn’t ANYTHING said wrong in my conversation with the Ukrainian President. This is a Democrat Scam!
Great time at The Villages in Florida today. Sorry we couldn’t get everybody in. I will be back soon! https://t.co/ia87A0sEue
ELECTION INTERFERENCE!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, and record setting fundraising that has taken place over the past two weeks. Thank you!
Leader McCarthy, we look forward to you soon becoming Speaker of the House. The Do Nothing Dems don’t have a chance! https://t.co/uWPdGJg99F
https://t.co/2TfEyp1dHX
Fake News, just like the snakes and gators in the moat. The Media is deranged, they have lost their minds! https://t.co/rk26SXj4il
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Good times with @seanhannity last night talking Adam #FullOfSchiff“Schiff is basically the Jussie Smollett of Congres...
Schiff is a lowlife who should resign (at least!). https://t.co/nGp9aFP3rX
RT @replouiegohmert: Honored heroic wounded warriors today at an event hosted by All Saints Episcopal School in #TX01. God bless our troops...
RT @RichLowry: Excited to share that my new book, “The Case for Nationalism: How It Made Us Powerful, United, and Free” will be out Novembe...
RT @DavidAFrench: Biden’s gun plan? It could destroy the gun industry for selling lawful, constitutionally-protected products and impair Am...
RT @AndrewCMcCarthy: Do Republicans See the Strategy to Discredit the Barr Investigation? - my @NRO column from yesterday: https://t.co/cZO...
RT @ByronYork: So State Department inspector general asks for 'urgent' briefing on Capitol Hill. Trump and Ukraine! Then admits he's had 'u...
Schiff is a lying disaster for our Country. He should resign! https://t.co/ytwEy5NasJ
The Republican Party has never had such support! https://t.co/P6GHgBv3v9
Book is doing really well. A study in unfairness to a potentially great Justice! https://t.co/i6GwghuEsU
Thank you Hugh! https://t.co/So77AMeK5u
A great book by a brilliant author. Buy it now! https://t.co/L8XC5Nnj4N
RT @DevinNunes: 😳 Very convenient... https://t.co/Cb99Tg3XCG
RT @DevinNunes: Must watch before any Dem press conferences...all you need to know.  https://t.co/fz9gtRd37u
RT @govtrack: Duplication Scoring Act from @RandPaul and @RepMarkMeadows would help prevent new laws or programs that accidentally duplicat...
Great job Richard! https://t.co/Uv8xgZPshu
Keep up the great work Kellie! https://t.co/PcAnK009EW
RT @NancyJKoch: Franklin Graham calls for prayer to 'change hearts' of Democrats - A call to pray for our Nation and its healing❣️⁦@realDon...
"RT @JosephStanley82: Biden to trump - ""I am creepy"" https://t.co/zYEtoCqD0m"
“The Ukraine controversy continues this morning as new documents obtained by @FoxNews show that a former Ukrainian prosecutor said that he was forced to back off looking into a firm tied to Hunter Biden.” @MariaBartiromo  Does anyone other than Fake News protectors have a doubt?
The U.S. won a $7.5 Billion award from the World Trade Organization against the European Union, who has for many years treated the USA very badly on Trade due to Tariffs, Trade Barriers, and more. This case going on for years, a nice victory!
RT @DevinNunes: My statement on the latest fiasco https://t.co/B2lNf6Bb60
RT @realDonaldTrump: LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH! https://t.co/QQYTqG4KTt
RT @DanScavino: https://t.co/avMqf5TvoR
RT @IvankaTrump: The Texas Success Story...Since the election:⭐️ Employment ⬆️ by 6.4% = 774,000 NEW jobs   ⭐️Manufacturing employment...
RT @DanScavino: https://t.co/84m1xMRsD0 https://t.co/ymvlDLSxci
DEMOCRATS WANT TO STEAL THE ELECTION! #KAG2020 https://t.co/hz6fWLId3L
....He loves our Military and supports our Vets! Democrat Jim Hood will never give us his vote, is anti-Trump and pro-Crooked Hillary. Get Out and Vote for Tate Reeves on November 5th. He has my Complete &amp, Total Endorsement!
Mississippi, there is a VERY important election for Governor on November 5th. I need you to Get Out and Vote for our Great Republican nominee, @TateReeves. Tate is strong on Crime, tough on Illegal Immigration, and will protect your Second Amendment....
LOOK AT THIS PHOTOGRAPH! https://t.co/QQYTqG4KTt
“Schiff, House Intel Chairman, Got Early Account of Whistle-Blower’s Accusations” SCHIFF IS A FRAUD! https://t.co/BNXiq5dsXg https://t.co/PHdh8PBTGb
The Do Nothing Democrats should be focused on building up our Country, not wasting everyone’s time and energy on BULLSHIT, which is what they have been doing ever since I got overwhelmingly elected in 2016, 223-306. Get a better candidate this time, you’ll need it!
Adam Schiff should only be so lucky to have the brains, honor and strength of Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. For a lowlife like Schiff, who completely fabricated my words and read them to Congress as though they were said by me, to demean a First in Class at West Point, is SAD!
Democrats are trying to undo the Election regardless of FACTS! https://t.co/cQ3B1bGD4L
Nancy Pelosi just said that she is interested in lowering prescription drug prices &amp, working on the desperately needed USMCA. She is incapable of working on either. It is just camouflage for trying to win an election through impeachment. The Do Nothing Democrats are stuck in mud!
All of this impeachment nonsense, which is going nowhere, is driving the Stock Market, and your 401K’s, down. But that is exactly what the Democrats want to do. They are willing to hurt the Country, with only the 2020 Election in mind!
Now the press is trying to sell the fact that I wanted a Moat stuffed with alligators and snakes, with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top, at our Southern Border. I may be tough on Border Security, but not that tough. The press has gone Crazy. Fake News!
“Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats haven’t met the standards of impeachment. They have to be very careful here.” Jeanne Zaino. @FoxNews
Now the press is trying to sell the fact that I wanted a Moot stuffed with alligators and snakes, with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top, at our Southern Border. I may be tough on Border Security, but not that tough. The press has gone Crazy. Fake News!
#DONOTHINGDEMS
All the Do Nothing Democrats are focused on is Impeaching the President for having a very good conversation with the Ukrainian President. I knew that many people were listening, even have a transcript. They have been at this “stuff” from the day I got elected. Bad for Country!
Congressman Adam Schiff should resign for the Crime of, after reading a transcript of my conversation with the President of Ukraine (it was perfect), fraudulently fabricating a statement of the President of the United States and reading it to Congress, as though mine! He is sick!
RT @DailySignal: As the Index of Economic Freedom shows, countries that implement free-market policies enable women to make their own econo...
RT @MariaBartiromo: Democrats want to stop Barr from investigating what happened in 2016. SPOT ON.  As we have been saying on ⁦@MorningsMar...
RT @GOP: HUGE Q3 fundraising numbers thanks to @GOPChairwoman, @parscale, and of course the STRONG enthusiasm behind @realDonaldTrump!http...
Massive sections of The Wall are being built at our Southern Border. It is going up rapidly, and built to the highest standards and specifications of the Border Patrol experts. It is actually an amazing structure! Our U.S. Military is doing a GREAT job.
I won the right to be a presidential candidate in California, in a major Court decision handed down yesterday. It was filed against me by the Radical Left Governor of that State to tremendous Media hoopla. The VICTORY, however, was barely covered by the Fake News. No surprise!
Louisiana Republicans must go out and vote REPUBLICAN in your Governor’s race. A Republican will win if you can force a runoff! Early voting has started. Your 2nd Amendment, and much else, is at stake.
The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country! https://t.co/7moLU6UTcE
....People, their VOTE, their Freedoms, their Second Amendment, Religion, Military, Border Wall, and their God-given rights as a Citizen of The United States of America!
As I learn more and more each day, I am coming to the conclusion that what is taking place is not an impeachment, it is a COUP, intended to take away the Power of the....
....a Nancy Pelosi/Chuck Schumer Democrat (John Bel Edwards), who does nothing but stymie all of the things we are doing to Make America Great Again. Don’t be fooled, John Bel Edwards will NEVER be for us. Early voting has already started! @LAGOP
REPUBLICANS of Louisiana, it is really important for you to go out and vote on October 12th for either Eddie Rispone or Ralph Abraham (both Great), which will lead to a runoff against....
Why isn’t Congressman Adam Schiff being brought up on charges for fraudulently making up a statement and reading it to Congress as if this statement, which was very dishonest and bad for me, was directly made by the President of the United States? This should never be allowed!
Will happen to all of those seeking unlawful impeachment in 50 Trump type Districts. We will win big! https://t.co/aX5l9WrP1z
As I predicted, Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve have allowed the Dollar to get so strong, especially relative to ALL other currencies, that our manufacturers are being negatively affected. Fed Rate too high. They are their own worst enemies, they don’t have a clue. Pathetic!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Today, I was proud to sign the Autism CARES Bill! We support research for Americans with Autism and their families. Yo...
RT @realDonaldTrump: THANK YOU! https://t.co/zqbTTlbGmp
RT @JesseBWatters: Biden’s caught lying about Ukraine...hiding who was on board with Hunter. #TheFive https://t.co/nsb2Vmmfe1
RT @CLewandowski_: Joining @IngrahamAngle tonight on @FoxNews during the 10:00 PM hour.  Promises to be a lively show.  Watch!
....the Whistleblower, and also the person who gave all of the false information to him. This is simply about a phone conversation that could not have been nicer, warmer, or better. No pressure at all (as confirmed by  Ukrainian Pres.). It is just another Democrat Hoax!
So if the so-called “Whistleblower” has all second hand information, and almost everything he has said about my “perfect” call with the Ukrainian President is wrong (much to the embarrassment of Pelosi &amp, Schiff), why aren’t we entitled to interview &amp, learn everything about....
“The congratulatory phone call with the Ukrainian President was PERFECT, unless you heard Liddle’ Adam Schiff’s fraudulently made up version of the call. This is just another Fake News Media, together with their partner, the Democrat Party, HOAX!
https://t.co/dOta1Z9gtZ
RT @GOPChairwoman: Our new data shows @realDonaldTrump’s approval rating has INCREASED since this same time a week ago. The American peop...
RT @kayleighmcenany: .@TeamTrump is coming to Dallas, TX for a @realDonaldTrump rally on 10/17!“Under President Trump’s leadership, 774,4...
RT @GOPChairwoman: The American people want Washington to work for them.That’s what @realDonaldTrump has done since he was elected.All...
RT @WhiteHouse: When President @realDonaldTrump was elected, his pro-growth, pro-worker agenda was set to change the economic landscape for...
RT @MariaBartiromo: https://t.co/reEftrXJGp this is why the democrats are ramping up.  They know this is coming.  This is the biggest scand...
Congratulations to President Xi and the Chinese people on the 70th Anniversary of the People’s Republic of China!
Great job, just in time! https://t.co/KMUXtO8IYz
RT @SteveScalise: Radicals &amp, socialists have taken over the Democrat Party. They're calling all the shots now.Just last week, they pressu...
You cannot judge my Stock Market performance since the Inauguration, which was very good, but only from the day after the big Election Win, which was spectacular due to the euphoria of getting Obama/Biden OUT, &amp, getting Trump/Pence IN. WentI up BIG between Nov. 9 &amp, Inauguration!
The Corrupt Media refuses to cover this! https://t.co/JIiOE2a2JF
RT @realDonaldTrump: BIG NEWS by @Hyundai, @Kia, and @Aptiv on a 4 BILLION DOLLAR joint venture to develop autonomous driving technologies...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Great news! @Apple announced that it is building its new Mac Pro in Texas. This means hundreds of American jobs in Aus...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Navistar will be building a new 250 MILLION DOLLAR truck factory in San Antonio with 600 new jobs. Congratulations San...
RT @MariaBartiromo: House Democrats should stop delaying and put the country first by passing the USMCA trade deal, write @senatemajldr and...
RT @IngrahamAngle: The president has maximum positive impact on the country (and his approval numbers) when he focuses on advancing his pea...
Today, I was proud to sign the Autism CARES Bill! We support research for Americans with Autism and their families. You are not forgotten, we are fighting for you! https://t.co/syyaLR0sNq
https://t.co/DJLYoma7KB
THANK YOU! https://t.co/zqbTTlbGmp
“He misled (Rep. Adam Schiff) MILLIONS of people for the sake of making the case for impeachment. Completely fabricated account out of thin air!” @MillerStream @BlazeTV https://t.co/ottBHQVffY
https://t.co/QqEbiqEKkx
My great friend, @RepMarkMeadows, has been an EXCELLENT Chairman of the House @FreedomCaucus, which has been a tremendous success. I am looking forward to close collaboration with his successor (starting Tuesday) and Strong Leader, @RepAndyBiggsAZ!
BIG NEWS by @Hyundai, @Kia, and @Aptiv on a 4 BILLION DOLLAR joint venture to develop autonomous driving technologies in the USA. That’s a lot of $$ and JOBS! Great jobs coming back to America!!
Great news! @Apple announced that it is building its new Mac Pro in Texas. This means hundreds of American jobs in Austin and for suppliers across the Country. Congratulations to the Apple team and their workers! https://t.co/FMrWFq9wcz
Navistar will be building a new 250 MILLION DOLLAR truck factory in San Antonio with 600 new jobs. Congratulations San Antonio and Texas! America makes the GREATEST trucks in the world! https://t.co/kp4FICFLcf
It was my Great Honor to attend this mornings Welcome Ceremony for the 20th Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Mark Milley! https://t.co/CXoDPnimgz
The Fake News Media wants to stay as far away as possible from the Ukraine and China deals made by the Bidens. A Corrupt Media is so bad for our Country! In actuality, the Media may be even more Corrupt than the Bidens, which is hard to do!
Very simple! I was looking for Corruption and also why Germany, France and others in the European Union don’t do more for Ukraine. Why is it always the USA that does so much and puts up so much money for Ukraine and other countries? By the way, the Bidens were corrupt!
....they made this whole thing up. Impeachment is also a pre-emptive strike for what they think is coming on the Obama Administration’s handling of the 2016 Election.” Jim McLaughlin, highly respected pollster. @WashTimes @FoxNews
“President Trump’s Job Approval Numbers have just reached the highest level since his Inauguration, around 50%, and you can add to that many votes from voters that don’t talk about their vote. Once they saw the President’s numbers going up, they said ‘We gotta do something,’ so..
#FakeWhistleblower
WHO CHANGED THE LONG STANDING WHISTLEBLOWER RULES JUST BEFORE SUBMITTAL OF THE FAKE WHISTLEBLOWER REPORT? DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Again, the President of Ukraine said there was NO (ZERO) PRESSURE PUT ON HIM BY ME. Case closed!
Again, the President of the Ukraine said THERE WAS NO (ZERO) PRESSURE PUT ON HIM BY ME. End of case!
....place in TRADE, it’s taking shape in Military Competition.” Johnathan Ward, author and China expert. We are winning, and we will win. They should not have broken the deal we had with them. Happy Birthday China!
“IT WAS A PERFECT CONVERSATION WITH UKRAINE PRESIDENT!”
“After many years, the United States is finally waking up to Beijing’s plans and ambitions to pass us as the dominant economic &amp, military superpower in the 21st Century. What’s happening now is that the U.S. is finally responding (thank you President Trump). This is taking.....
Rep. Adam Schiff illegally made up a FAKE &amp, terrible statement, pretended it to be mine as the most important part of my call to the Ukrainian President, and read it aloud to Congress and the American people. It bore NO relationship to what I said on the call. Arrest for Treason?
The Fake Whistleblower complaint is not holding up. It is mostly about the call to the Ukrainian President which, in the name of transparency, I immediately released to Congress &amp,  the public. The Whistleblower knew almost nothing, its 2ND HAND description of the call is a fraud!
“China Trade Turmoil: China Urging a CALM AND RATIONAL Solution.” @MariaBartiromo @FoxBusiness China is doing very poorly while the USA, under your favorite President’s leadership, continues to soar to new heights - and, despite the Do Nothing Democrats, we have just begun!
The Greatest Witch Hunt in the history of our Country!
RT @GOPLeader: These are the most important facts we have:1. The whistleblower wasn't on the call.2. The IG didn't read the transcript be...
RT @realDonaldTrump: I AM DRAINING THE SWAMP! https://t.co/U7WxKrO6Kx
https://t.co/hbSLaM3rGk
“This is about proving that Donald Trump was framed by the Democrats.” @RudyGiuliani https://t.co/GIadp3b0n3
https://t.co/CKRQNECvRu
....If the Democrats are successful in removing the President from office (which they will never be), it will cause a Civil War like fracture in this Nation from which our Country will never heal.” Pastor Robert Jeffress, @FoxNews
....Election, and negate the votes of millions of Evangelicals in the process. They know the only Impeachable offense that President Trump has committed was beating Hillary Clinton in 2016. That’s the unpardonable sin for which the Democrats will never forgive him.....
....rid of Donald J. Trump - And the Democrats don’t care if they burn down and destroy this nation in the process. I have never seen the Evangelical Christians more angry over any issue than this attempt to illegitimately remove this President from office, overturn the 2016....
“Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats can’t put down the Impeachment match. They know they couldn’t beat him in 2016 against Hillary Clinton, and they’re increasingly aware of the fact that they won’t win against him in 2020, and Impeachment is the only tool they have to get....
“State Department has stepped up Hillary Clinton Email probe.” @foxandfriends  You mean the 33,000 Emails that she has deleted and acid washed so they can never be found, even though she said that all 33,000 pertained only to her daughter’s wedding, and her Yoga!
....we are going to have an Election very shortly.” Rep. Jeff Van Drew, Democrat of New Jersey. @foxandfriends  Thank you. Just another Witch Hunt by Nancy Pelosi and the Do Nothing Democrats!
“These are Trumped-Up Charges.” @PeteHegseth  @foxandfriends
“All that’s swirling around us now is Impeachment. We talk about it day and night, it’s what’s on the news, there is NOTHING that has turned up that is Impeachable. Our founding fathers set impeachment to be extremely rare. We need to get good stuff done. Let the people vote,....
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/TAJLOrpFZe
These Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, are doing great harm to our Country. They are lying &amp, cheating like never before in our Country’s history in order to destabilize the United States of America &amp, it’s upcoming 2020 Election. They &amp, the Fake News Media are Dangerous &amp, Bad!
....In addition, I want to meet not only my accuser, who presented SECOND &amp, THIRD HAND INFORMATION, but also the person who illegally gave this information, which was largely incorrect, to the “Whistleblower.” Was this person SPYING on the U.S. President? Big Consequences!
His lies were made in perhaps the most blatant and sinister manner ever seen in the great Chamber. He wrote down and read terrible things, then said it was from the mouth of the President of the United States. I want Schiff questioned at the highest level for Fraud &amp, Treason.....
Like every American, I deserve to meet my accuser, especially when this accuser, the so-called “Whistleblower,” represented a perfect conversation with a foreign leader in a totally inaccurate and fraudulent way. Then Schiff made up what I actually said by lying to Congress......
RT @realDonaldTrump: I AM DRAINING THE SWAMP! https://t.co/U7WxKrO6Kx
https://t.co/6S07ep4IdR
https://t.co/bzjqfhI6jn
Wishing a Happy New Year to all of those celebrating Rosh Hashanah in America, Israel, and around the World! https://t.co/fpyewMEZuI
https://t.co/vuFsgolfVO
RT @realDonaldTrump: Will happen to all of those seeking unlawful impeachment in 50 Trump type Districts. We will win big! https://t.co/aX5...
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/w6o2JkaxZ7
RT @lukepascal2: The real one mark Levin just totally curved Ed Henry and his fake news. Career is gone now! Can we face off Levin and worl...
Investigating Corruption is correct! https://t.co/kqn3pOZfoE
RT @steventatkinson: Mark Levin just mopped the floor with Ed Henry. #UkraineScandal
RT @JNedster: Saw the whole interview by @marklevinshow with Ed Henry. Why aren’t there more reporters that can explain and bring the news...
RT @MaryGoulet: @JackPosobiec Ed Henry has been on a rant during other interviews asking the same dishonest question. He’s showing his true...
RT @notable_ink: Wondering what's been going on at Fox lately? Talk to Paul Ryan, he's got influence over there- Bigly! Still love ya, Ed...
RT @bobbie_locksley: #RT @realDonaldTrump: RT @RJCCW: Mark Levin just tore Ed Henry to shreds on Fox &amp, Friends like I've never seen before....
RT @tbasharks: RT @BulldawgDerek: @foxandfriends A Sunday Morning, Amen Mark Levin, Preach Brother!  You shut down Ed Henry and the Pro Sha...
RT @JoelEdmonson: Mark Levin ripped Ed Henry a new one. 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️😂😂😂😂
RT @robcoltoff: @foxandfriends Mark Levin sure put that lying shit head Ed Henry in his place didn’t he?
"RT @Rafbo5: https://t.co/PqlNFiulml  @edhenry Ed Henry implies that @POTUS  asked Ukraine President to ""dig up dirt on political rival.”POT..."
RT @jpsal123: @JillBernadette3 @edhenry Sorry Jill, I like Ed Henry but his question implied that the transcript specifically said “dig up...
RT @BulldawgDerek: @foxandfriends A Sunday Morning, Amen Mark Levin, Preach Brother!  You shut down Ed Henry and the fake news with the fac...
RT @jh690208: Love You Mark Levin for calling Ed Henry out on Fox News. Ed Henry has turned into fake news ship him to CNN. Get Ed Henry of...
RT @ep2one: Mark Levin took Ed Henry, Fox News, to school and exposed Henry's fake reporting and his  misrepresentation of  contents of doc...
RT @Rosie4517: Wow Mark Levin just took Ed Henry to school on Fox!  Hey Ed you best not mess with the great  one!👏🏻👍🏻🇺🇸
So great Mark! https://t.co/GbwEnkFmwe
RT @DuaneInskeep: I’ve generally been a fan of Ed Henry, however Mark Levin just completely destroyed him on Fox and Friends this morning.
RT @rmooredenton: Mark Levin @marklevinshow really let Ed Henry @EdHenryNews on @foxandfriends have it about corrupt news media.  Ed Henry...
"RT @RJCCW: Mark Levin just tore Ed Henry to shreds on Fox &amp, Friends like I've never seen before. No wonder they call him the ""The Great One..."
RT @nallieman: Ed Henry just got his ASS handed to him by Mark Levin.   Yes Ed, go ask Joe Biden
https://t.co/w6o2JkaxZ7
RT @RNCResearch: National Border Patrol Council VP: President Trump “cares” about and “understands” problems on the borderhttps://t.co/byF...
"RT @RNCResearch: Ian Bremmer: “Biden does have a problem,” Hunter Biden was paid ""clearly to be selling influence”https://t.co/0bJ518COnl..."
RT @RNCResearch: Sen. Graham: “to impeach any president over a phone call like this would be insane”https://t.co/pBdQzqhVGx https://t.co/w...
RT @RNCResearch: Rep. Matt Gaetz: bottom line is that there is no quid pro quohttps://t.co/4zbJKTus9t https://t.co/iJhNTlzHqr
RT @RNCResearch: Bret Baier on Democrat speculation over Ukraine call: “none of those things are in this transcript”https://t.co/Mw4XOcGhN...
RT @RNCResearch: Fox correspondent John Roberts: no “quid pro quo” mentioned in Ukraine call transcripthttps://t.co/ttovM9t3HG https://t.c...
RT @RNCResearch: Rep. Ratcliffe: “once again, their impeachment search party came up empty”https://t.co/W8T3i7C11a https://t.co/8lyE04vxeY
"RT @RNCResearch: FLASHBACK: In 1998, Pelosi blasts impeachment for “any and all grievances that anybody ever had""https://t.co/boz6nrA5ho h..."
RT @RNCResearch: Ukrainian President Zelensky: “I think you read everything... good phone call...nobody pushed me”https://t.co/43ueMP8zNI http...
RT @RNCResearch: FNC’s Perino on Ukraine: “nobody was pushed, there was no pressure”https://t.co/v0Na0XEOHu https://t.co/lkOIgHK4MH
RT @RNCResearch: DNI: Trump’s Ukraine call transparency is “unprecedented”https://t.co/58DttYHIR4 https://t.co/dfQJypd3W2
RT @RNCResearch: Rep. Turner calls out Adam Schiff for just making up “fiction” conversationhttps://t.co/vvEDqbX8e7 https://t.co/SPIxLgKHXz
RT @RNCResearch: Rep. Turner: Dems’ impeachment push is an “assault on the electorate”https://t.co/hkW3svtVU4 https://t.co/mPM5PIVttq
RT @RNCResearch: Rep. Wenstrup slams Dems: “Americans have seen this movie too many times and they’re tired of it”https://t.co/XtcdiSWlHF...
RT @RNCResearch: Ed Henry: Maquire was “a very strong witness” for Trump, “pushed back very hard” on Dem narrativehttps://t.co/DTWq56UtvZ...
RT @realDonaldTrump: I AM DRAINING THE SWAMP! https://t.co/U7WxKrO6Kx
RT @RNCResearch: Rep. Stefanik throws shade at Schiff for his fake opening remarkshttps://t.co/6ILVFbVIKz https://t.co/W9lYQsifHJ
RT @RNCResearch: Rep. Ratcliffe: Whistleblower’s account is all “second” and “third hand” informationhttps://t.co/vwEg3FEmO5 https://t.co/...
RT @RNCResearch: NH voter slams Dems on impeachment: “Should just get back to doing their job”https://t.co/5bv3IKRaN0 https://t.co/8AKlzGV...
RT @RNCResearch: Sen. Cruz knocks Dems for false narratives about Ukraine callhttps://t.co/FDa6QxAHEo https://t.co/82HY8Dv2rU
RT @RNCResearch: Sen. Cruz: Congressional Dems “are angry about the 2016 election...angry at the voters”https://t.co/fwMnnRl9pO https://t.co...
RT @RNCResearch: Rep. Nunes on Dems’ impeachment push: “This is the sequel” to the Russia hoaxhttps://t.co/5JO4Ugwm34 https://t.co/daNPBhQ...
RT @RNCResearch: Sen. Scott slams Democrats on impeachment: “the evidence does not matter” to Democratshttps://t.co/j8H1ZJBpX5 https://t.c...
The only people that don’t like my conversation with the new Ukrainian President are those that heard Rep. Adam Schiff read a made up and totally fraudulent statement to the House and public, words that I did not say but that he fabricated (&amp, admitted to this fabrication). Sick!
It is disgraceful what the Do Nothing Democrats are doing (the Impeachment Scam), but it is also disgraceful what they are NOT doing, namely, the USMCA vote, Prescription Drug Price Reduction, Gun Safety, Infrastructure, and much more!
RT @realDonaldTrump: I AM DRAINING THE SWAMP! https://t.co/U7WxKrO6Kx
WOW, they got caught. End the Witch Hunt now! https://t.co/A5k3u9Rg3D
....fraudulently and illegally inserted his made up &amp, twisted words into my call with the Ukrainian President to make it look like I did something very wrong. He then boldly read those words to Congress and millions of people, defaming &amp, libeling me. He must resign from Congress!
The Whistleblower’s complaint is completely different and at odds from my actual conversation with the new President of Ukraine. The so-called “Whistleblower” knew practically NOTHING in that those ridiculous charges were far more dramatic &amp, wrong, just like Liddle’ Adam Schiff..
....The conversation with the new and very good Ukraine President, who told the Fake News, at the United Nations, that HE WAS NOT PRESSURED BY ME IN ANY WAY, SHAPE, OR FORM, should by and of itself bring an end to the new and most recent Witch Hunt. Others ended in ashes!
How do you impeach a President who has created the greatest Economy in the history of our Country, entirely rebuilt our Military into the most powerful it has ever been, Cut Record Taxes &amp, Regulations, fixed the VA &amp, gotten Choice for our Vets (after 45 years), &amp, so much more?...
Can you imagine if these Do Nothing Democrat Savages, people like Nadler, Schiff, AOC Plus 3, and many more, had a Republican Party who would have done to Obama what the Do Nothings are doing to me. Oh well, maybe next time!
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/SzT60K4sW3
RT @PressSec: Hispanic Americans enrich our culture and are true examples of the AMERICAN SPIRIT! #HispanicHeritageMonth https://t.co/2oatr...
RT @EricTrump: UPDATE: We have now raised almost $15 million in small dollar donations (including 50,000 NEW donors) since @SpeakerPelosi s...
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump will host a #KeepAmericaGreat rally on Thursday, October 10 at 7:00 pm CDT at the Target Center i...
RT @GOPChairwoman: We already raised over $500K to beat Democrat Elissa Slotkin next November.She promised she'd work with @realDonaldTru...
Voter I.D. is the best way. Go for it Doug! https://t.co/D0HtwP2u59
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Reminder, as this tweet points out: what we’ve seen is the Ukrainians weren’t aware aid was being reviewed during the c...
Thank you to General McMaster. Just more Fake News! https://t.co/kVR6Q0Qu6a
https://t.co/SzT60K4sW3
RT @GOPChairwoman: This is just the beginning of an all-out fight to defend our democracy &amp, our president.Dozens of House Dems campaigned...
I AM DRAINING THE SWAMP! https://t.co/U7WxKrO6Kx
If that perfect phone call with the President of Ukraine Isn’t considered appropriate, then no future President can EVER again speak to another foreign leader!
Sounding more and more like the so-called Whistleblower isn’t a Whistleblower at all. In addition, all second hand information that proved to be so inaccurate that there may not have even been somebody else, a leaker or spy, feeding it to him or her? A partisan operative?
The Democrats are now to be known as the DO NOTHING PARTY!
Rep. Adam Schiff totally made up my conversation with Ukraine President and read it to Congress and Millions. He must resign and be investigated. He has been doing this for two years. He is a sick man!
...sound horrible, and me sound guilty. HE WAS DESPERATE AND HE GOT CAUGHT. Adam Schiff therefore lied to Congress and attempted to defraud the American Public. He has been doing this for two years. I am calling for him to immediately resign from Congress based on this fraud!
Rep. Adam Schiff fraudulently read to Congress, with millions of people watching, a version of my conversation with the President of Ukraine that doesn’t exist. He was supposedly reading the exact transcribed version of the call, but he completely changed the words to make it...
....sound horrible, an me sound guilty. HE WAS DESPERATE AND HE GOT CAUGHT. Adam Schiff therefore lied to Congress and attempted to defraud the American Public. He has been doing this for two years. I am calling for him to immediately resign from Congress based on this fraud!
Rep. Adam Schiff fraudulently read to Congress, with millions of people watching, a version of my conversation with the President of Ukraine that doesn’t exist. He was supposedly reading the exact transcribed version of the call, but he completely changed the words to make it....
.....nice call with with the new President of Ukraine, it could not have been better or more honorable, and the Fake News Media and Democrats, working as a team, have fraudulently made it look bad. It wasn’t bad, it was very legal and very good. A continuing Witch Hunt!
Obama loving (wrote Obama book) Peter Baker of the Failing New York Times, married to an even bigger Trump Hater than himself, should not even be allowed to write about me. Every story is a made up disaster with sources and leakers that don’t even exist. I had a simple and very..
To show you how dishonest the LameStream Media is, I used the word Liddle’, not Liddle, in discribing Corrupt Congressman Liddle’ Adam Schiff. Low ratings @CNN purposely took the hyphen out and said I spelled the word little wrong. A small but never ending situation with CNN!
https://t.co/nnZWgUDKMT
https://t.co/tY8as4SYGY
https://t.co/MZdR4l1H4U
RT @realDonaldTrump: Will be a GREAT and very accurate show tonight by @seanhannity on @foxnews (9:00 PM). Will play my full statement from...
So many lies by Sleepy Joe and the Do Nothing Democrats! https://t.co/MY1zkMvFQW
https://t.co/6ggjWb5uJZ
https://t.co/TAJLOrpFZe
Will be a GREAT and very accurate show tonight by @seanhannity on @foxnews (9:00 PM). Will play my full statement from Air Force One!
The President of Ukraine said that he was NOT pressured by me to do anything wrong. Can’t have better testimony than that! As V.P., Biden had his son, on the other hand, take out millions of dollars by strong arming the Ukrainian President. Also looted millions from China. Bad!
No one has done more behind the scenes for STRONG BORDER SECURITY than @SenCapito. Her bill passed Committee today with $5B for the BORDER WALL. West Virginia is a great State and Shelley gets it done. Keep it up!
Congratulations to my friend @SenShelby, our powerful Appropriations Chairman, for his hard work on many strong bills that continue to rebuild our military, invest in border security, and many other priorities. Good work and keep fighting, you are winning!
Liddle’ Adam Schiff, who has worked unsuccessfully for 3 years to hurt the Republican Party and President, has just said that the Whistleblower, even though he or she only had second hand information, “is credible.” How can that be with zero info and a known bias. Democrat Scam!
Adam Schiff has zero credibility. Another fantasy to hurt the Republican Party!
A whistleblower with second hand information? Another Fake News Story! See what was said on the very nice, no pressure, call. Another Witch Hunt!
That, and many other reasons, is why Republicans will win North Carolina! https://t.co/m4GNvbp7oK
“Is there a case for impeachment? Absolutely not! There is no high crime or misdemeanor, no crime, no extortion, no treason.” Robert Ray  @FoxNews
“Is their a case for impeachment? Absolutely not!” There is no high crimes or misdemeanors, no treason, no extortion, no treason.” RD Robert Ray, respected
THE DEMOCRATS ARE TRYING TO DESTROY THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AND ALL THAT IT STANDS FOR. STICK TOGETHER, PLAY THEIR GAME, AND FIGHT HARD REPUBLICANS. OUR COUNTRY IS AT STAKE!
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: For 2.5 years we were told there was collusion, then obstruction, then it was a cover-up... rinse and repeat. Seems t...
RT @GeraldoRivera: After 3 years of relentless pursuit of @realDonaldTrump-@RepAdamSchiff (not various Democratic candidates for @POTUS) wi...
RT @ericbolling: The downright “giddy” media hoping for @realDonaldTrump impeachment should take 3 minutes and watch this before they count...
RT @TeamTrump: VP @mike_pence: Democrats don't have an agenda, that's why they want to impeach @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/El9qOb6bkq
RT @TeamTrump: Stop what you’re doing...WATCH us expose the #FakeNews Media LIES about @realDonaldTrump!They selectively deleted 500+ w...
RT @VP: Tune in tonight as I join @LouDobbs! https://t.co/JOKvCtY3bM
RT @realDonaldTrump: So bad for our Country! https://t.co/BzICeKn8hY
RT @JesseBWatters: When @realDonaldTrump became president, his sons stopped doing international business deals, when Joe Biden became VP, h...
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Yikes! I guess the Dems no longer want to do anything about election interference. https://t.co/X52fMO3CRj
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Rand Paul on the Fake Witch Hunts: BASTA! https://t.co/WNEsrU5XUM
"RT @KellyannePolls: ""Pelosi’s Bad Impeachment Call"" by anti-Trumper in @NYT.  ""A Q-PAC poll found 57% of Americans oppose impeachment, 37%..."
RT @JesseBWatters: President @realDonaldTrump has taken a sledgehammer to the ruiling class and the ruling class is fighting back hard and...
RT @VP: ...They can’t run against this President’s record...a record of accomplishment...so they decided to look for one more way to try to...
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/hkI6Su3hSR
RT @VP: ...and even though she knew the transcript was going to be released today, Speaker Nancy Pelosi initiates an impeachment inquiry into...
RT @VP: The ironic thing is that the only time it did happen that we know about is when former Vice President Joe Biden threatened over a b...
RT @Jim_Jordan: Dems are basing their impeachment dreams on a “whistleblower” who:-Did not have direct knowledge of the Ukraine call-Had...
RT @RepChuck: Speaker Pelosi: Focused on taking down @realDonaldTrump at any cost.@POTUS: Focused on securing better trade deals for hard...
RT @KellyannePolls: cc: Everybody not the Ukranian President who has been characterizing what happened in the call with the Ukrainian Presi...
"RT @CBSNews: Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky says he doesn't want to be involved in US elections and he didn't feel ""pushed"" during..."
THE GREATEST SCAM IN THE HISTORY OF AMERICAN POLITICS!
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/VmHKZpuPs4
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: 🚨🚨🚨 We should impeach them all. That's how this works, right? Given their rules its a no brainer since there's an actua...
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: KASSAM: Trump Transcript Shows Him Trying To Stop Corruption, Nothing Else https://t.co/nEgLq8pITV via @dailycaller
Thank you Jim! https://t.co/9ldr6iSdpl
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Democrats wrote to the Ukrainian government in May 2018 urging it to continue investigations into President Donald Tr...
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Yikes!!! https://t.co/uxIeBmTtRl
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Are you saying the Democrats started an all out move towards impeachment without even seeing the transcript? https://t....
If they actually did this the markets would crash. Do you think it was luck that got us to the best Stock Market and Economy in our history. It wasn’t! https://t.co/V0WGVWEWTN
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Watching the media circle the wagons and desperately try to defend the Biden family for things they try to kill my fami...
RT @realDonaldTrump: “The Democrats have been talking about Impeaching Donald Trump since before he was inaugurated.” @SteveDoocy  @foxandf...
So bad for our Country! https://t.co/BzICeKn8hY
So cute! Her father is under siege, for no reason, since his first day in office! https://t.co/8wtB3H4fth
RT @RealSaavedra: NEW: Democrat Senators reached out to Ukraine in May 2018 and asked for their assistance in investigating Trump“In the...
RT @AriFleischer: “Hunter took the position with a Ukrainian natural gas company just a few weeks after his father visited Ukraine in 2014...
RT @realDonaldTrump: There has been no President in the history of our Country who has been treated so badly as I have. The Democrats are f...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you @kevinomccarthy! https://t.co/DhcGpWEOME
RT @realDonaldTrump: Sooooo true @LindseyGrahamSC! https://t.co/ZzFwXHV5ua
One of our best fundraising days EVER! https://t.co/zohH8Xm5ak
So true, but it will never work! https://t.co/UEi4U4lpTs
https://t.co/o88dILO9oU
https://t.co/hkI6Su3hSR
....taken out of Ukraine and China. Additionally, I demand transparency from Democrats that went to Ukraine and attempted to force the new President to do things that they wanted under the form of political threat.
I have informed @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy and all Republicans in the House that I fully support transparency on so-called whistleblower information but also insist on transparency from Joe Biden and his son Hunter, on the millions of dollars that have been quickly and easily....
Wow! “Ukraine Whistleblower’s lead attorney donated to Biden.” @FreeBeacon
RT @SenThomTillis: Nancy Pelosi should be embarrassed. The transcript debunks the Democrats’ false claims against President @realDonaldTrum...
RT @jmclghln: 66-29 huge majority believes the Democrats should work w/    ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ to solve the nations problems rather than imp...
RT @RepRickAllen: Since the day President Trump was elected to office, Democrats have tried to find any opportunity to undermine his presid...
RT @KimStrassel: 1) Having read DOJ’s Trump-Ukraine release, here’s the real story: This is another internal attempt to take out a presiden...
RT @SteveScalise: Dems launched an impeachment inquiry based on a rumor instead of waiting for the facts.It's now clear: there was no qui...
RT @EricTrump: “...involving an industry and business he knew nothing about.” It is an absolute joke. The only corruption worse than Biden’...
RT @RepJeffDuncan: None of what Democrats said happened on the call between @realDonaldTrump &amp, Ukrainian President Zelensky was true. No qu...
RT @RepMarkGreen: Once again, Democrats reveal that impeachment is not really about our country, but about their own imperative to maintain...
RT @RepPeteKing: Nothing remotely impeachable in transcript. Ukrainian President brought up Giuliani before @POTUS Trump mentioned Biden. N...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: As the left now tries to move the goalposts, remember that for days, all we heard was that @realDonaldTrump offered qui...
RT @RepMattGaetz: Unprecedented and unpatriotic.Nancy Pelosi undermined the solemn duty of impeachment that a future House may have to un...
https://t.co/U4PIG5LPlX
https://t.co/VmHKZpuPs4
Thank you Billy! https://t.co/jLHKzhZ0Jn
“He (President Trump) didn’t specifically mention the explicit quid pro quo of...unless you investigate this...we’re going to withhold military aid to you.” Pamela Brown
https://t.co/enifgzhUdC
“You don’t see a direct quid pro quo in this.” @BretBaier
“Democrats wrote to the Ukrainian government in May 2018 urging it to continue investigations into President Donald Trump’s alleged collusion with Russia in the 2016 presidential campaign — collusion later found NOT TO EXIST.” https://t.co/wYdRmpfddk
https://t.co/coIrRDN33G
Will the Democrats apologize after seeing what was said on the call with the Ukrainian President? They should, a perfect call - got them by surprise!
“The Democrats have been talking about Impeaching Donald Trump since before he was inaugurated.” @SteveDoocy  @foxandfriends  And for no reason other than the great success we are having with the Economy, the Military, Vets, Tax and Regulation Cuts, HealthCare, and so much more!
RT @RepDougCollins: Speaker Pelosi’s decree changes absolutely nothing. As I have been telling Chairman Nadler for weeks, merely claiming t...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: POTUS says he's releasing the full transcript of the Ukraine call, and amazingly Democrats now say the whistleblower co...
RT @joegooding: This “whistleblower” was found by the Intelligence Community IG to have a political bias against @POTUS @realDonaldTrump an...
There has been no President in the history of our Country who has been treated so badly as I have. The Democrats are frozen with hatred and fear. They get nothing done. This should never be allowed to happen to another President. Witch Hunt!
Great new book by the brilliant Andrew McCarthy, BALL OF COLLUSION, THE PLOT TO RIG AN ELECTION AND DESTROY A PRESIDENCY. Get it, and some other great new books which I will soon be recommending. They tell you about the Crooked Pols and the Witch Hunt that has now been exposed!
Thank you @LouDobbs and @JudgeJeanine! https://t.co/LdfGFvAJNF
Thank you @kevinomccarthy! https://t.co/DhcGpWEOME
“He (Trump) has already been suffering from this type of a Witch Hunt since before his Inauguration. If it’s not one thing, it’s another. It’s a DISGRACE!” @pnjaban @LouDobbs https://t.co/9I9kXo2B8V
Sooooo true @LindseyGrahamSC! https://t.co/ZzFwXHV5ua
Thank you @JennaEllisRives -- totally agree! https://t.co/n3GDdAHLWh
"""They (Dems) are scrambling for a theme and narrative. They've gone everywhere from Russian Hoax to Russian Collusion...and now they've come to this...they think they should have won the 2016 election, they think in their bizarre brains that they did..."" https://t.co/xqYFEAzT8D"
“Mark Levin: Media trying to protect Biden, ignoring MASSIVE DEMOCRAT SCANDAL” https://t.co/9Il7wHwQ7J
“Attorney For Anti-Trump ‘Whistleblower’ Worked For Hillary Clinton, Chuck Schumer” https://t.co/yxQ5obwB6K
https://t.co/OFMzIMWpv1
Secretary of State Pompeo recieved permission from Ukraine Government to release the transcript of the telephone call I had with their President. They don’t know either what the big deal is. A total Witch Hunt Scam by the Democrats!
https://t.co/1KOSnHguW2
Such an important day at the United Nations, so much work and so much success, and the Democrats purposely had to ruin and demean it with more breaking news Witch Hunt garbage. So bad for our Country!
RT @GOP: 🚨Are YOU registered to vote?🚨 Today is #NationalVoterRegistrationDay, make sure you are registered to vote! Let’s KEEP AMERICA...
The Democrats are so focused on hurting the Republican Party and the President that they are unable to get anything done because of it, including legislation on gun safety, lowering of prescription drug prices, infrastructure, etc. So bad for our Country!
THANK YOU! https://t.co/Ne2LOSAWpX
....You will see it was a very friendly and totally appropriate call. No pressure and, unlike Joe Biden and his son, NO quid pro quo! This is nothing more than a continuation of the Greatest and most Destructive Witch Hunt of all time!
I am currently at the United Nations representing our Country, but have authorized the release tomorrow of the complete, fully declassified and unredacted transcript of my phone conversation with President Zelensky of Ukraine....
RT @RandPaul: .@realDonaldTrump is showing that real strength and statesmanship can coexist with restraint. America is unquestionably the m...
Thank you! https://t.co/Bgsrl9vDvp
"RT @cspan: Q: ""You can authorize to release the transcript. Will you do that?""President Trump: ""I can do it very easily, but I'd rather n..."
Hopefully they will work it out, and quickly! https://t.co/J2JGz6mfCW
"RT @cspan: President Trump: ""I think I'll get a Nobel prize for a lot of things,"" https://t.co/XPRfWZyYc6"
True. A wonderful meeting! https://t.co/W9ByXaS8Qf
RT @hogangidley45: “Today, it is my true honor to be the first President of the United States to host a meeting at the United Nations on re...
She seems like a very happy young girl looking forward to a bright and wonderful future. So nice to see! https://t.co/1tQG6QcVKO
https://t.co/p5imhMJqS1
“@FoxNews bombshell information reports that the so-called Whistleblower did not have firsthand knowledge of that phone conversation with Ukraine’s President.” Wow! @HARRISFAULKNER It is all a Democrat/Adam Schiff Scam! Doing this for 3 years now, and found NOTHING!
#UNGA https://t.co/iIZugqjEhP
94% approval rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Thank you, working hard! https://t.co/1CpxcJOtha
This is the real corruption that the Fake News Media refuses to even acknowledge! https://t.co/FCvUtWA33j
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""With one clear voice, the United States of America calls on the nations of the world to end religious persecution."" #UNGA..."
"RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump just delivered a critical message on religious freedom and global persecution.""Our founders un..."
....know the correct facts. Is he on our Country’s side. Where does he come from. Is this all about Schiff &amp, the Democrats again after years of being wrong?
“The very thing that they are accusing President Trump of doing (which I didn’t do), was actually done by Joe Biden. Continues to be a double standard.” @RepDevinNunes  @foxandfriends  These people are stone cold Crooked. Also, who is this so-called “whistleblower” who doesn’t...
https://t.co/lYQkgU9G04
Just leaving the Great State of Ohio for New York and a few big days at the United Nations. Your Country will be well represented!
..Breaking News: The Ukrainian Government just said they weren’t pressured at all during the “nice” call. Sleepy Joe Biden, on the other hand, forced a tough prosecutor out from investigating his son’s company by threat of not giving big dollars to Ukraine. That’s the real story!
Now the Fake News Media says I “pressured the Ukrainian President at least 8 times during my telephone call with him.” This supposedly comes from a so-called “whistleblower” who they say doesn’t even have a first hand account of what was said. More Democrat/Crooked Media con.....
https://t.co/J7g5L8LzrV
RT @sanghaviharsh: He has already made the American economy strong again. He has achieved much for the US and for the world. We, in India...
Incredible! https://t.co/SHs0RkxjzF
The USA Loves India! https://t.co/xlfnWafxpg
https://t.co/heZ2mNSBUw
Justice Kavanaugh should sue The Failing New York Times for all they are worth!
Look forward to being with our great India loving community! https://t.co/RldaoFw0Uc
“The @nytimes is trying to make someone (Justice Kavanaugh) into an evil person when they don’t have the information to back it up. It is a false hoax.” @MZHemingway @MediaBuzzFNC  Zero people were fired at the Times. Why?
“They are trying to destroy and influence Justice Kavanaugh, a very good man.” @LindseyGrahamSC  100% correct, and they should be fully exposed for what they are!
RT @SteveScalise: Dems say they will impeach @realDonaldTrump, but have no reason.Dems say they won't ban guns, but their bills do just t...
I go along with Joe! https://t.co/zVxBruUYF8
“Go across the world and you’ll see either very low interest rates, or negative rates. The President wants to be competitive with these other countries on this, but I don’t think he’ll fire Jay Powell (even if I should!).” We should always be paying less interest than others!
“The real story involves Hunter Biden going around the world and collecting large payments from foreign governments and foreign oligarchs.” Peter Schweizer  Laura Ingraham Hunter made a fortune in Ukraine and in China. He knew nothing about Energy, or anything else.
https://t.co/le48VOltE0
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump took a firsthand look at border wall construction and received a progress update from Border Pat...
“When someone gets nominated overwhelmingly, and then wins the Election, as he did, then he gets to set the National Agenda. The press is just outrages. This @nytimes story is the most irresponsible thing I’ve ever seen.” @EdRollins @LouDobbs  I agree. They also lose too much!
...The Fake News Media nowadays not only doesn’t check for the accuracy of the facts, they knowingly make up the facts. They even make up sources in order to protect their partners, the Democrats. It is so wrong, but they don’t even care anymore. They have gone totally CRAZY!!!!
The LameStream Media had a very bad week. They pushed numerous phony stories and got caught, especially The Failing New York Times, which has lost more money over the last 10 years than any paper in history, and The Amazon Washington Post. They are The Enemy of the People!
“Ukraine Foreign Minister disputes reports of any pressure from Trump. This conversation was long, friendly, and it touched on many questions.” @NBCNews  Correct. If your looking for something done wrong, just look at the tape of Sleepy Joe. He is being protected by the Media!
“They’re trying to turn what was a Biden scandal into a Trump scandal.” @PeterSchweizer The problem is, “Trump” did nothing wrong!
....with a foreign leader. Was this person officially asked to listen to the conversation or was he or she secretly listening in?” @GreggJarrett
“It appears that an American spy in one of our intelligence agencies may have been spying on our own president. The complaint suggests that this intel agent was listening in on Trump’s conversation....
“The pretend Ukraine scandal is an another malicious seditious effort to protect the Obama/Clinton gang. Criminal classified leaks and spying targeting Trump — again.” @TomFitton
“They’re trying to turn what was a Biden scandal into a Trump scandal.” @PeterScheeizer The problem is, “Trump” did nothing wrong!
https://t.co/LfXqfVEvx1
https://t.co/ytF18g7mL2
RT @RepDougCollins: Friday FOIA dump confirms coup planned to take down @RealDonaldTrump, and McCabe used the FBI to pursue the collusion n...
https://t.co/cdvbUMJxb9
Some of the best Economic Numbers our Country has ever experienced are happening right now. This is despite a Crooked and Demented Deep State, and a probably illegal Democrat/Fake News Media Partnership the likes of which the world has never seen. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
https://t.co/elXWfWK7Kt
https://t.co/t6O2yJlTc0
Now that the Democrats and the Fake News Media have gone “bust” on every other of their Witch Hunt schemes, they are trying to start one just as ridiculous as the others, call it the Ukraine Witch Hunt, while at the same time trying to protect Sleepy Joe Biden. Will fail again!
This is the real and only story! https://t.co/4z8eOcm6PA
....story about me and a perfectly fine and routine conversation I had with the new President of the Ukraine. Nothing was said that was in any way wrong, but Biden’s demand, on the other hand, was a complete and total disaster. The Fake News knows this but doesn’t want to report!
The Fake News Media and their partner, the Democrat Party, want to stay as far away as possible from the Joe Biden demand that the Ukrainian Government fire a prosecutor who was investigating his son, or they won’t get a very large amount of U.S. money, so they fabricate a.....
RT @ScottMorrisonMP: 🇦🇺🇺🇸 Thank you @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS for a wonderful evening. https://t.co/QM15sIAlHR
I want to express my gratitude to America’s magnificent @FLOTUS for tonight’s exquisite evening where we celebrated more than a century of loyal and devoted friendship between🇺🇸🇦🇺Both of our nations are blessed by uncommon courage, unfailing commitment, and unyielding character! https://t.co/i61cHCZYlD
Rachel Campos-Duffy has written a wonderful book for children, “Paloma Wants To Be Lady Freedom.” She and her husband, Sean Duffy, have done so much for our Country. Buy this book - great for the kids! https://t.co/zCYW91OSOU
Thank you, working hard! https://t.co/dDVWjm95iP
RT @WhiteHouse: Our history is filled with the stories of courageous men and women who went beyond the call of duty to protect and defend....
RT @FLOTUS: Welcome to the @WhiteHouse PM Morrison and Mrs. Morrison! 🇺🇸🇦🇺 https://t.co/kYznIkJf9H
....statement. Strange that with so many other people hearing or knowing of the perfectly fine and respectful conversation, that they would not have also come forward. Do you know the reason why they did not? Because there was nothing said wrong, it was pitch perfect!
The Radical Left Democrats and their Fake News Media partners, headed up again by Little Adam Schiff, and batting Zero for 21 against me, are at it again! They think I may have had a “dicey” conversation with a certain foreign leader based on a “highly partisan” whistleblowers..
RT @realDonaldTrump: Vote today for Dan Bishop. Will be great for North Carolina and our Country!
Oh no, really big political news, perhaps the biggest story in years! Part time Mayor of New York City,  @BilldeBlasio, who was polling at a solid ZERO but had tremendous room for growth, has shocking dropped out of the Presidential race. NYC is devastated, he’s coming home!
“The U.S. Economy is the envy of the world, as Europe and Asia slide ever toward recession. But the Left is trying to avoid talking about the Trump Economy.” @IngrahamAngle  The Best Is Yet To Come.
RT @SteveHiltonx: 'when President Trump took office, 1.9m more unemployed than job openings''now: 1.2m more job openings than unemployed'...
RT @Jim_Jordan: Oversight hearing on DC statehood. Dems’ planned map would carve out Trump Hotel.Is it because they want the tax revenue?...
RT @IvankaTrump: When youth engage in sports, their life outcomes improve dramatically yet youth sports participation has ⬇️ in the past de...
Great news. @MariaBartiromo just renewed her deal with Fox. I don’t care how much they paid her, they got a beautiful bargain. Congratulations to both!
RT @realDonaldTrump: GREAT progress on the Border Wall! https://t.co/TvOYxgsBSv
RT @mike_pence: https://t.co/2fwh9qgnHl
Nice meeting with Mark Zuckerberg of @Facebook in the Oval Office today. https://t.co/k5ofQREfOc https://t.co/jNt93F2BsG
Because of my Administration, drug prices are down for the first time in almost 50 years — but the American people need Congress to help. I like Sen. Grassley’s drug pricing bill very much, and it’s great to see Speaker Pelosi’s bill today. Let’s get it done in a bipartisan way!
Presidential Harassment!
....Knowing all of this, is anybody dumb enough to believe that I would say something inappropriate with a foreign leader while on such a potentially “heavily populated” call. I would only do what is right anyway, and only do good for the USA!
Another Fake News story out there - It never ends! Virtually anytime I speak on the phone to a foreign leader, I understand that there may be many people listening from various U.S. agencies, not to mention those from the other country itself. No problem!
GREAT progress on the Border Wall! https://t.co/TvOYxgsBSv
All Polls, and some brand new Polls, show very little support for impeachment. Such a waste of time, especially with sooo much good that could be done, including prescription drug price reduction, healthcare, infrastructure etc.
Thank you! https://t.co/hScbURTzMJ
https://t.co/G4cX8yFTWh
https://t.co/o0gDblBQzI
Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve Fail Again. No “guts,” no sense, no vision!  A terrible communicator!
RT @StewardshipAmer: President @realDonaldTrump has delivered the lowest black unemployment ever, 8000+ urban revitalization enterprise zon...
RT @StewardshipAmer: President @realDonaldTrump is the best president to happen for America since Abraham Lincoln. President Lincoln saved...
Happy 72nd Birthday to our GREAT @USAirForce! #HBDUSAF https://t.co/wVj99MgmAS https://t.co/n3mznw9pd5
....far safer and much less expensive. Many more cars will be produced under the new and uniform standard, meaning significantly more JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Automakers should seize this opportunity because without this alternative to California, you will be out of business.
.... advantage, and also due to the fact that older, highly polluting cars, will be replaced by new, extremely environmentally friendly cars. There will be very little difference in emissions between the California Standard and the new U.S. Standard, but the cars will be....
The Trump Administration is revoking California’s Federal Waiver on emissions in order to produce far less expensive cars for the consumer, while at the same time making the cars substantially SAFER. This will lead to more production because of this pricing and safety......
RT @greta: .@realDonaldTrump names new national security adviser: https://t.co/KiJaPAm1Ux
RT @GOPChairwoman: The RNC smashed another fundraising record last month.Between @realDonaldTrump's accomplishments and our grassroots in...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Last night in North Carolina was incredible! https://t.co/bEfd1v77Nf
I am pleased to announce that I will name Robert C. O’Brien, currently serving as the very successful Special Presidential Envoy for Hostage Affairs at the State Department, as our new National Security Advisor. I have worked long &amp, hard with Robert. He will do a great job!
I have just instructed the Secretary of the Treasury to substantially increase Sanctions on the country of Iran!
So nice that our Country is now Energy Independent. The USA is in better shape than ever before. Strongest Military by far, biggest Economy (no longer even close), number one in Energy! MAGA = KAG!
Terrence K. Williams, “You can’t impeach Trump for being a winner!”
IIhan Omar, a member of AOC Plus 3, will win us the Great State of Minnesota. The new face of the Democrat Party! https://t.co/aQFEygSa4D
"RT @w_terrence: TRUMP DERANGEMENT SYNDROME Corey Lewandowski to Sheila Jackson Lee: ""Could you repeat the question? I didn't hear it. J..."
RT @IvankaTrump: Since Jan 2017, we’ve made enormous strides in implementing the President’s Working Family Agenda, including doubling the...
RT @IvankaTrump: It secured the largest ever increase (from $2.9 to $5.3 billion) in the Child Care and Development Block Grant program as...
RT @realDonaldTrump: The New York Times is now blaming an editor for the horrible mistake they made in trying to destroy or influence Justi...
Dummy Beto made it much harder to make a deal. Convinced many that Dems just want to take your guns away. Will continue forward! https://t.co/87jvaYUkyn
RT @MariaBartiromo: https://t.co/RC7kZDCN1i some sanity from @RepDougCollins @MorningsMaria @FoxBusiness
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Twitter friends: give a follow to the newest conservative member of Congress from North Carolina: @RepGregMurphy!
RT @Jim_Jordan: This latest Kavanaugh “accusation” reminds me an awful lot of the Russia story.Democrats and the mainstream press come ou...
RT @BillOReilly: Today at 1 pm (ET), you get a chance to get my new book, The United States of Trump, FREE. 5 interviews w President @realD...
RT @PressSec: Heading to sunny California today! Since President @realDonaldTrump’s election, 870,000 jobs have been ADDED and the unemploy...
RT @WhiteHouse: Wheels up to California, where President @realDonaldTrump is delivering BIG results! 🇺🇸 https://t.co/gTJL24ZTBW
RT @GOPChairwoman: Another record-breaking crowd in New Mexico!@realDonaldTrump expanded the map for Republicans in 2016, and he’s going...
RT @WhiteHouse: Thanks to President @realDonaldTrump’s historic tax reform legislation, 879 Opportunity Zones will stimulate investment in...
Great! https://t.co/gApV8E14PW
Thank you Corey! https://t.co/r62DmJ2vMw
RT @GOPChairwoman: Jerry Nadler is wasting more of America’s time by hauling @realDonaldTrump’s former campaign manager in to testify.Mue...
RT @TeamTrump: Latinos for @realDonaldTrump were out in full force at the #TrumpRally in New Mexico last night!What a GREAT way to celebr...
RT @GOPChairwoman: To all the Democrats who demonize half the country...To all the Hollywood liberals who want us boycotted...It's beca...
RT @TeamTrump: .@KatrinaPierson: 30 Years Of GOP ‘Minority Outreach’ Failed — Until @realDonaldTrump Brought Real Resultshttps://t.co/quL...
RT @IngrahamAngle: Which @nytimes editor deleted the salient fact that the alleged Kavanaugh victim neither recalled the incident nor agree...
RT @IngrahamAngle: Totally agree—a sign of weakness would be a trigger-happy reaction to the drone strike.  @realDonaldTrump’s right. https...
"RT @MZHemingway: Guess who caught the New York Times' Kavanaugh authors in another huge error? This time in the Atlantic. ""Witnesses Defend..."
RT @Jim_Jordan: .@CLewandowski_ worked with the Trump campaign for nearly 2 years. He testified they did not collude or coordinate with Rus...
The Witch Hunt is the greatest political scam in U.S. history! #MAGA https://t.co/dKExRVOFJt
RT @KTHopkins: Trump’s OVERFLOW crowd is bigger than any audience Bernie or Biden will ever see. Stood outside at Rio Rancho to support t...
As Corey Lewandowski stated very clearly yesterday in front of the House Judiciary Committee, President Trump didn’t do anything wrong or illegal. But they all know that. The Democrats are hurting our Country, and getting nothing done. Shameful! @CLewandowski_  @foxandfriends
No Lindsey, it was a sign of strength that some people just don’t understand! https://t.co/EU8AvfH7j9
The New York Times is now blaming an editor for the horrible mistake they made in trying to destroy or influence Justice Brett Kavanaugh. It wasn’t the editor, the Times knew everything. They are sick and desperate, losing in so many ways!
https://t.co/wrEmfGFRHm https://t.co/q8LC0G4cyZ
Such a beautiful Opening Statement by Corey Lewandowski! Thank you Corey! @CLewandowski_
"RT @WhiteHouse: John Adams called the drafting of the Constitution—the bedrock of the rule of law for our Nation—""the greatest single effor..."
Just departed New Mexico for California, where we are delivering results! https://t.co/EKWzgjTXyd
....”That story (Kavanaugh) is nowhere near the standard that should be met in publishing a story.” @brithume @FoxNews
The New York Times is at its lowest point in its long and storied history. Not only is it losing a lot of money, but it is a journalistic disaster, being laughed at even in the most liberal of enclaves. It has become a very sad joke all all over the World. Witch Hunt hurt them...
If you want to stop the drug smugglers, human traffickers, and vicious MS-13 gang members from threatening our communities and poisoning our youth, you have only one choice — you must elect more REPUBLICANS! #KAG2020 https://t.co/L4neBV2SEo
We are all united by the same love of Country, the same devotion to family, and the same profound faith that America is blessed by the eternal grace of ALMIGHTY GOD! Bound by these convictions, we will campaign for every vote &amp, we will WIN the Great State of NEW MEXICO in 2020! https://t.co/BV5Wxs5GxE
Beautiful evening in New Mexico with Great American Patriots! https://t.co/S8eDG3dAq0
RT @WhiteHouse: Oil production is up an incredible 110 percent—PLUS, New Mexico's entire mining and logging sector has seen a 40 percent in...
RT @WhiteHouse: Business creation is thriving in New Mexico! https://t.co/AG0gAThYdT
RT @FLOTUS: Proud to recognize Mariano Rivera at the @WhiteHouse today to receive the Medal of Freedom.  We celebrate his incredible career...
KEEP AMERICA GREAT! https://t.co/oPWfjSGW22
On my way to New Mexico — see you all shortly at the @StarCenter! #KAG2020 https://t.co/a9V3ULY8bY https://t.co/zRQfrVUVtY
...She can never recover, and will never return to Greatness, under current Management. The Times is DEAD, long live The New York Times!
I call for the Resignation of everybody at The New York Times involved in the Kavanaugh SMEAR story, and while you’re at it, the Russian Witch Hunt Hoax, which is just as phony! They’ve taken the Old Grey Lady and broken her down, destroyed her virtue and ruined her reputation...
One my way to New Mexico — see you all shortly at the @StarCenter! #KAG2020 https://t.co/cW7EK6V229
RT @WhiteHouse: Earlier: President @realDonaldTrump welcomed the Crown Prince of the Kingdom of Bahrain to the Oval Office! https://t.co/ZJ...
“How many stories are wrong? Almost all of the stories the New York Times has done are inaccurate and wrong.” @greggutfeld  The New York Times should close its doors and throw away the keys. The women mentioned in the Kavanaugh story said she didn’t even remember the event.
Congratulations @MarianoRivera! https://t.co/ek4VGj0p0s
RT @GovRicketts: It's time for Congress to seal the deal and pass #USMCANow! https://t.co/2FxLWoWW6F
RT @GovBillLee: The USMCA is a 21st-century trade deal for a 21st-century market that will fuel economic growth right here in Tennessee, cr...
RT @GovAbbott: The #USMCA is essential to the future of Texas, America, and our North American allies. Congress must pass this agreement an...
This afternoon at the @WhiteHouse, it was my great honor to present our nation’s highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom, to American baseball legend @MarianoRivera. Congratulations on this extraordinary achievement, Mo! https://t.co/nzOeqFNb3C
Thank you, working hard! #KAG2020 https://t.co/CP32Vcx4he
Big crowd expected in New Mexico tonight, where we will WIN. Your Border Wall is getting stronger each and every day — see you in a few hours! https://t.co/uuG2gu0tTg
In a short while I will be presenting the New York @Yankees @MarianoRivera, the greatest relief pitcher (Closer!) of all time, with the Presidential Medal of Freedom in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse!
....for the privilege of being your President - and doing the best job that has been done in many decades. I am far beyond somebody paying for a hotel room for the evening, or filling up a gas tank at an airport I do not own. These Radical Left Democrats are CRAZY! Obama Netflix?
They failed on the Mueller Report, they failed on Robert Mueller’s testimony, they failed on everything else, so now the Democrats are trying to build a case that I enrich myself by being President. Good idea, except I will, and have always expected to, lose BILLIONS of DOLLARS..
“Democrats would rather talk about gun control than get something done.” Governor John Sununu @FoxNews @BillHemmer The big questions are, will they “move the goalposts” and, is this just a ploy to TAKE YOUR GUNS AWAY? I hope NOT on both counts, but I’ll be able to figure it out!
Remember when Iran shot down a drone, saying knowingly that it was in their “airspace” when, in fact, it was nowhere close. They stuck strongly to that story knowing that it was a very big lie. Now they say that they had nothing to do with the attack on Saudi Arabia. We’ll see?
Just Out: “Kavanaugh accuser doesn’t recall incident.” @foxandfriends  DO YOU BELIEVE WHAT THESE HORRIBLE PEOPLE WILL DO OR SAY. They are looking to destroy, and influence his opinions - but played the game badly. They should be sued!
“What’s happening to Justice Kavanaugh is a disgrace. This guy is not a good man, he is a great man. He has to go to his church with his family while these terrible reports are being written about him, a disgrace!” Dan Bongino @foxandfriends
“The New York Times walks back report on Kavanaugh assault claim.” @foxandfriends  The one who is actually being assaulted is Justice Kavanaugh - Assaulted by lies and Fake News! This is all about the LameStream Media working with their partner, the Dems.
...The United States, because of the Federal Reserve, is paying a MUCH higher Interest Rate than other competing countries. They can’t believe how lucky they are that Jay Powell &amp, the Fed don’t have a clue. And now, on top of it all, the Oil hit. Big Interest Rate Drop, Stimulus!
Producer prices in China shrank most in 3 years due to China’s big devaluation of their currency, coupled with monetary stimulus. Federal Reserve not watching? Will Fed ever get into the game? Dollar strongest EVER! Really bad for exports. No Inflation...Highest Interest Rates...
Because we have done so well with Energy over the last few years (thank you, Mr. President!), we are a net Energy Exporter, &amp, now the Number One Energy Producer in the World. We don’t need Middle Eastern Oil &amp, Gas, &amp, in fact have very few tankers there, but will help our Allies!
.....’These Conservative Judicial appointments will impact our nation for years to come,’ said Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, who leads the Judiciary Committee and who has been speeding through Trump nominees.” The entire Court System is changing at a record pace!
The @nytimes. “This week, the Senate passed a milestone in confirming the 150th Federal Judge of Mr. Trump’s Administration to a lifetime appointment, far outstripping Barack Obama’s pace and fulfilling pledges by Mr. Trump and Mr. O’Connell to remake the Federal Judiciary....
....work that way. I have a better idea. Look at the Obama Book Deal, or the ridiculous Netflix deal. Then look at all the deals made by the Dems in Congress, the “Congressional Slush Fund,” and lastly the IG Reports. Take a look at them. Those investigations would be over FAST!
House Judiciary has given up on the Mueller Report, sadly for them after two years and $40,000,000 spent - ZERO COLLUSION, ZERO OBSTRUCTION. So they say, OK, lets look at everything else, and all of the deals that “Trump” has done over his lifetime. But it doesn’t....
“We cannot have what happened to this President happen again.” Joe DiGenova.  “It is time for Justice to come barreling in.” @LouDobbs  Can you imagine that with everything going on in this World, the Witch Hunt, though on a respirator, is still whimpering along. A disgrace!
The Fake News is saying that I am willing to meet with Iran, “No Conditions.” That is an incorrect statement (as usual!).
Here we go again with General Motors and the United Auto Workers. Get together and make a deal!
PLENTY OF OIL!
Saudi Arabia oil supply was attacked. There is reason to believe that we know the culprit, are locked and loaded depending on verification, but are waiting to hear from the Kingdom as to who they believe was the cause of this attack, and under what terms we would proceed!
....sufficient to keep the markets well-supplied. I have also informed all appropriate agencies to expedite approvals of the oil pipelines currently in the permitting process in Texas and various other States.
Based on the attack on Saudi Arabia, which may have an impact on oil prices, I have authorized the release of oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, if needed, in a to-be-determined amount....
....Then, on top of it all, Kathleen Parker, of all people, wrote “In Case You Were Wondering, Trump Won The Debate.” True, but what is going on at the @washingtonpost? NOT Fake News!
Can’t believe the @washingtonpost wrote a positive front page story, “Unity Issue Has Parties Pointing To Trump. GOP Goes All In, While Democrats Clash Over Ideology &amp, Tactics. Mr. President, We Are With You The Entire Way. REPUBLICANS Have....Coalesced Around Trump.”.....
I am fighting the Fake (Corrupt) News, the Deep State, the Democrats, and the few remaining Republicans In Name Only (RINOS, who are on mouth to mouth resuscitation), with the help of some truly great Republicans, and others. We are Winning big (150th Federal Judge this week)!
Can’t let Brett Kavanaugh give Radical Left Democrat (Liberal Plus) Opinions based on threats of Impeaching him over made up stories (sound familiar?), false allegations, and lies. This is the game they play. Fake and Corrupt News is working overtime! #ProtectKavanaugh
Brett Kavanaugh should start suing people for libel, or the Justice Department should come to his rescue. The lies being told about him are unbelievable. False Accusations without recrimination. When does it stop? They are trying to influence his opinions. Can’t let that happen!
RT @WhiteHouse: “He is saying with a loud voice, ‘I see you, I hear you, I appreciate you, I value you and I want you all to win!’”Paris...
RT @GOPChairwoman: So awesome to see all of these college students mobilizing this early for @realDonaldTrump and Republicans! #LeadRighth...
Thank you @foxandfriends and @RepMarkMeadows. Great interview!
Brett Kavanaugh should start suing people for liable, or the Justice Department should come to his rescue. The lies being told about him are unbelievable. False Accusations without recrimination. When does it stop? They are trying to influence his opinions. Can’t let that happen!
Now the Radical Left Democrats and their Partner, the LameStream Media, are after Brett Kavanaugh again, talking loudly of their favorite word, impeachment. He is an innocent man who has been treated HORRIBLY. Such lies about him. They want to scare him into turning Liberal!
All based on NOTHING! The Dems can’t get anything positive done, and probably don’t want to. https://t.co/FuWI3XP6jm
RT @GOPChairwoman: Our data shows @realDonaldTrump’s approval among Hispanic Americans in Texas has increased by 20% since 2016. That mea...
RT @GOPChairwoman: .@realDonaldTrump is fully committed to defending America and bringing terrorists to justice.https://t.co/xZf74sJE9b
My great honor! https://t.co/AhxG0SIUML
That is true, and the USA is Winning Again! https://t.co/WHO5NpCTLv
RT @IvankaTrump: Great OpEd by ⁦@kimguilfoyle⁩  https://t.co/EilupSexJw
Amazing! https://t.co/Nkn0zHIUCo
RT @Jim_Jordan: Couldn’t agree more. The American people deserve the truth. https://t.co/rlQ4EGnJJb
RT @realDonaldTrump: Great news about the work we are doing on illegal immigration! https://t.co/ihTYQAYWxu
RT @GOP: .@GOPChairwoman: While Democrat candidates remain oblivious &amp, out of touch, Americans... are taking note of the positive impact th...
RT @steveholland1: President Trump reports that Hamza bin Ladin, al Qaeda leader and son of Osama bin Laden, “was killed in a United States...
The Taliban has never been hit harder than it is being hit right now. Killing 12 people, including one great American soldier, was not a good idea. There are much better ways to set up a negotiation. The Taliban knows they made a big mistake, and they have no idea how to recover!
I’m OK with that! https://t.co/LEp2Rv28ge
....between our two countries. I look forward to continuing those discussions after the Israeli Elections when we meet at the United Nations later this month!
I had a call today with Prime Minister Netanyahu to discuss the possibility of moving forward with a Mutual Defense Treaty, between the United States and Israel, that would further anchor the tremendous alliance....
RT @RepDougCollins: #FISA oversight falls squarely within the Judiciary Committee’s jurisdiction. We must address concerns outlined in the...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: The IG report on potential FISA abuse is complete. Now being reviewed. Huge.Documents we’ve seen leave little to zero...
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
94% Approval Rating in the Republican Party! Tuesday night in the Great State of North Carolina proved that high and very beautiful number correct.
RT @realDonaldTrump: The two big Congressional wins in North Carolina on Tuesday, Dan Bishop and Greg Murphy, have reverberated all over th...
Who the hell is Joy-Ann Reid? Never met her, she knows ZERO about me, has NO talent, and truly doesn’t have the “it” factor needed for success in showbiz. Had a bad reputation, and now works for the Comcast/NBC losers making up phony stories about me. Low Ratings. Fake News!
“A Very Stable Genius!” Thank you.
While I like the Vaping alternative to Cigarettes, we need to make sure this alternative is SAFE for ALL! Let’s get counterfeits off the market, and keep young children from Vaping!
Great news about the work we are doing on illegal immigration! https://t.co/ihTYQAYWxu
Historic Milestone indeed! https://t.co/Bn0jzvxz9Y
The two big Congressional wins in North Carolina on Tuesday, Dan Bishop and Greg Murphy, have reverberated all over the World. They showed a lot of people how strong the Republican Party is, and how well it is doing. 2020 is a big, and very important, Election. We will WIN!
....VERY stupidly negotiated Trade Deals, and Illegal Immigration, are a tremendous cost and burden to our Country. They are BOTH coming along very well and someday, in the not too distant future, America will see a very positive change. Remember, America First!
Illegal Immigration costs the USA over 300 Billion Dollars a year. There is no reason for this, and things are being set in motion to have this number come WAY DOWN. Democrats could end Loopholes and it would be a whole lot easier, and faster. But it will all happen anyway!....
....IG Report, which showed him to be a Disgraced &amp, Dirty Cop. Republicans have unified like never before. You don’t impeach Presidents for doing a good (great!) job. No Obstruction, No Collusion, only treasonous crimes committed by the other side, and led by the Democrats. Sad!
....Became Number 1 in World &amp, Independent in Energy. Will soon have record number of Judges, 2 SC Justices. Done more than any President in first 2 1/2 years despite phony &amp, fraudulent Witch Hunt illegally led against him. WIN on Mueller Report, Mueller Testimony &amp, James Comey..
How do you impeach a President who has helped create perhaps the greatest economy in the history of our Country? All time best unemployment numbers, especially for Blacks, Hispanics, Asians &amp, Women. More people working today than ever before. Rebuilt Military &amp, Choice for Vets...
RT @Jim_Jordan: Democrats on the House Judiciary Committee:-First voted to take away Americans' firearms-Then voted to impeach the guy w...
RT @VP: Even the Washington Post, the Democrats favorite newspaper, supports passage of the #USMCA. Congress should pass it this fall and g...
RT @KellyannePolls: Wow. https://t.co/DJ2Stc2MhF
"RT @Trump: Proud to announce that @TrumpNewYork has just been named the #1 “Best Hotel in the World!"" Congratulations to our remarkable tea..."
RT @Jim_Jordan: Looks like we might be getting accountability for the Comey Cabal.https://t.co/X7lMdqhnNp
RT @Jim_Jordan: Comey:-Opened Trump-Russia investigation-Put Peter “we’ll stop Trump” Strzok in charge-Allowed Dossier to be used-Leake...
RT @RepRatcliffe: If reports are accurate that the DOJ is recommending charges against former FBI Deputy Director Andy McCabe, I’m not surp...
Hello Baltimore! https://t.co/Iz2aYj7rrC
In fact, my views on Venezuela, and especially Cuba, were far stronger than those of John Bolton. He was holding me back! https://t.co/FUGc02xiac
“This should have been over with after the Mueller Report came out.” @guypbenson @FoxNews
“We can’t beat him, so lets impeach him!” Democrat Rep. Al Green
“Dems have never gotten over the fact that President Trump won the Election!” @GOPLeader McCarthy
Some really big Court wins on the Border lately!
It is expected that China will be buying large amounts of our agricultural products!
European Central Bank, acting quickly, Cuts Rates 10 Basis Points. They are trying, and succeeding, in depreciating the Euro against the VERY strong Dollar, hurting U.S. exports.... And the Fed sits, and sits, and sits. They get paid to borrow money, while we are paying interest!
RT @SecPompeo: The U.S. joins 11 partner nations in invoking the Rio Treaty to confront the political, economic, &amp, humanitarian crisis unle...
RT @parscale: Socialism SUCKS and @TeamTrump is flying high above the Dem debate in Houston to remind the circus in town that their policie...
RT @PrisonPlanet: A ship carrying passengers who included a group of ‘Climate Change Warriors’ who are concerned about melting Arctic ice g...
RT @IsraelUSAforevr: @realDonaldTrump  https://t.co/dBvwKDdesD
Thank you Brandon! https://t.co/VfzWVHYIrU
Thank you! https://t.co/zKSrmhsBhW
The Wall is going up very fast despite total Obstruction by Democrats in Congress, and elsewhere! https://t.co/2nFIEFppho
RT @Jim_Jordan: The House Judiciary Committee has a storied history of defending the Constitution and the Bill of Rights.But today, Democ...
The Wall is being built after victories against the Democrats in various courts! https://t.co/aJr3Ia6c0c
RT @VP: The #USMCA is a deal for the 21st Century that will support mutually beneficial trade and lead to freer and fairer markets! #USMCAn...
RT @VP: The #USMCA is the modern trade deal that hardworking Americans across the country deserve. The time for Congress to put Americans F...
RT @VP: The #USMCA means:✅ Stronger Economic Growth✅ More Jobs✅ More Exports✅ Rising Wages Let’s pass a trade deal for ALL Americans!...
RT @VP: Not only will the #USMCA benefit America’s farmers, ranchers, and manufacturers, it will add billions to the already booming econom...
"RT @Jim_Jordan: When will the Judiciary Committee get to question IG Horowitz about his scathing Comey report?@RepJerryNadler: ""I'm not s..."
RT @LaraLeaTrump: Congrats on the new book, @toddstarnes 🇺🇸 https://t.co/zPnh5p82do
RT @lopezobrador_: Sostuvimos una buena conversación telefónica con el presidente Donald Trump. Se reafirmó la voluntad de mantener una rel...
....The Southern Border is becoming very strong despite the obstruction by Democrats not agreeing to do anything on Loopholes or Asylum!
I had an excellent telephone conversation with Andrés Manuel López Obrador, President of Mexico, talking about Southern Border Security, and various other things of mutual interest for the people of our respective countries....
....on October 1st, we have agreed, as a gesture of good will, to move the increased Tariffs on 250 Billion Dollars worth of goods (25% to 30%), from October 1st to October 15th.
At the request of the Vice Premier of China, Liu He, and due to the fact that the People's Republic of China will be celebrating their 70th Anniversary....
BIG United States Supreme Court WIN for the Border on Asylum! https://t.co/9Ka00qK1Ob
Today and every day, we pledge to honor our history, to treasure our liberty, to uplift our communities, to live up to our values, to prove worthy of our heroes, and above all, to NEVER FORGET. #Honor911 https://t.co/3xbEvl92py
RT @dougmillsnyt: .@realDonaldTrump &amp, @FLOTUS participate in a moment of silence at the September 11th Pentagon Observance Ceremony at the...
RT @WhiteHouse: On September 11, 2001, the world witnessed the power of American defiance. https://t.co/ivPsnxer9h
"RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump at the Pentagon: ""The First Lady and I are united with you in grief . . . We cannot erase the pa..."
Leaving the White House soon to speak at the Pentagon. My great honor!
If it weren’t for the never ending Fake News about me, and with all that I have done (more than any other President in the first 2 1/2 years!), I would be leading the “Partners” of the LameStream Media by 20 points. Sorry, but true!
....This is a phony suppression poll, meant to build up their Democrat partners. I haven’t even started campaigning yet, and am constantly fighting Fake News like Russia, Russia, Russia. Look at North Carolina last night. Dan Bishop, down big in the Polls, WINS. Easier than 2016!
In a hypothetical poll, done by one of the worst pollsters of them all, the Amazon Washington Post/ABC, which predicted I would lose to Crooked Hillary by 15 points (how did that work out?), Sleepy Joe, Pocahontas and virtually all others would beat me in the General Election....
RT @AndrewPollackFL: Broward schools put this MONSTER in class with my beautiful daughter. They knew exactly what he was. They gave him a...
RT @MariaBartiromo: https://t.co/yMq3Eyiw7O @MorningsMaria @FoxBusiness
RT @MariaBartiromo: China is moving to develop a more level playing field: Sen. Perdue https://t.co/97UZWyhiJu  @MorningsMaria @FoxBusiness
RT @realDonaldTrump: Greg Murphy won big, 62% to 37%, in North Carolina 03, &amp, the Fake News barely covered the race. The win was far bigger...
RT @realDonaldTrump: BIG NIGHT FOR THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL!
....The USA should always be paying the the lowest rate. No Inflation! It is only the naïveté of Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve that doesn’t allow us to do what other countries are already doing. A once in a lifetime opportunity that we are missing because of “Boneheads.”
The Federal Reserve should get our interest rates down to ZERO, or less, and we should then start to refinance our debt. INTEREST COST COULD BE BROUGHT WAY DOWN, while at the same time substantially lengthening the term. We have the great currency, power, and balance sheet.....
https://t.co/WqBj8iMQhx
“China suspends Tariffs on some U.S. products. Being hit very hard, supply chains breaking up as many companies move, or look to move, to other countries. Much more expensive to China than originally thought.” @CNBC  @JoeSquawk
Greg Murphy won big, 62% to 37%, in North Carolina 03, &amp, the Fake News barely covered the race. The win was far bigger than anticipated - there was just nothing the Fakers could say to diminish or demean the scope of this victory. So we had TWO BIG VICTORIES tonight, Greg &amp, Dan!
Alice @alicetweet Stewart: Thank you for the nice words while on @CNN concerning the TWO big Republican Congressional victories. You’d be great on a network with much higher ratings. Keep up the good work!
https://t.co/eK7swFWq1A
RT @kevinomccarthy: GOP 2, Democrats 0 Revolution not retirements. Congrats Dan Bishop and Dr. Greg Murphy!Well done @NRCC, @GOP and @N...
.@CNN &amp, @MSNBC were all set to have a BIG victory, until Dan Bishop won North Carolina 09. Now you will hear them barely talk about, or cover, the race. Fake News never wins!
BIG NIGHT FOR THE REPUBLICAN PARTY. CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL!
Greg Murphy is a big winner in North Carolina 03. Much bigger margins than originally anticipated. Congratulations Greg!
Dan Bishop was down 17 points 3 weeks ago. He then asked me for help, we changed his strategy together, and he ran a great race. Big Rally last night. Now it looks like he is going to win. @CNN &amp, @MSNBC are moving their big studio equipment and talent out. Stay tuned!
Dan Bishop was down 17 points 3 weeks ago. He then asked me for help, we changed his strategy together, and he ran a great race. Big Rally last night. Now it looks like he is going to win. @CNN &amp, @MSNBC are moving their big studio equipment and to talent out. Stay tuned!
Senator Ben Sasse has done a wonderful job representing the people of Nebraska. He is great with our Vets, the Military, and your very important Second Amendment. Strong on Crime and the Border, Ben has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
I am pleased to endorse Governor Mike Parson of Missouri. He is very Popular, Strong, and knows what he is doing – he gets it! Based on the fact that Mike has announced he will run again in 2020 for Governor, Mike Parson has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Excellent interview by @CondoleezzaRice on @MarthaMaccallum on @FoxNews. Very interesting and secure perspective on life.
One down, one to go – Greg Murphy is projected to win in the Great State of North Carolina! #NC03
Incredible progress being made at the Southern Border! https://t.co/xcqxKEkfGD
RT @realDonaldTrump: NORTH CAROLINA, VOTE FOR DAN BISHOP TODAY. WE NEED HIM BADLY IN WASHINGTON!
....I asked John for his resignation, which was given to me this morning. I thank John very much for his service. I will be naming a new National Security Advisor next week.
I informed John Bolton last night that his services are no longer needed at the White House. I disagreed strongly with many of his suggestions, as did others in the Administration, and therefore....
Vote today for Dan Bishop. Will be great for North Carolina and our Country!
One of the greatest and most powerful weapons used by the Fake and Corrupt News Media is the phony Polling Information they put out. Many of these polls are fixed, or worked in such a way that a certain candidate will look good or bad. Internal polling looks great, the best ever!
ABC/Washington Post Poll was the worst and most inaccurate poll of any taken prior to the 2016 Election. When my lawyers protested, they took a 12 point down and brought it to almost even by Election Day. It was a Fake Poll by two very bad and dangerous media outlets. Sad!
NORTH CAROLINA, VOTE FOR DAN BISHOP TODAY. WE NEED HIM BADLY IN WASHINGTON!
RT @Scavino45: 🚨Happening Now—@POTUS @realDonaldTrump departing the @WhiteHouse for North Carolina.... https://t.co/HtreybGIAc
RT @IvankaTrump: In August, the African American unemployment rate fell to a historic low of 5.5 %. African American women are benefiting...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Received an update on Air Force One at MCAS Cherry Point in North Carolina, regarding damage caused by Hurricane Doria...
RT @mike_pence: Thrilled to be here in the great state of North Carolina with a man who has been fighting every day to keep the promises he...
RT @mike_pence: It has been two and a half years of promises made and promises kept which is why we need FOUR MORE YEARS of President @real...
RT @mike_pence: Here in North Carolina, we believed you could be strong again and we believed you could be prosperous again. You said yes t...
RT @IvankaTrump: Great to be w/ +175 leaders from gov, industry &amp, academia for the @WhiteHouse #AIinGovSummit to highlight innovative effor...
RT @IvankaTrump: The Alabama Success story:Since the Trump election..👍🏻The unemployment rate has fallen 2.5% and reached an all time lo...
RT @realDonaldTrump: THANK YOU Fayetteville, North Carolina! Make sure you get out and VOTE TOMORROW for Dan Bishop in #NC09 and Greg Murph...
Last night in North Carolina was incredible! https://t.co/bEfd1v77Nf
Great job by the U.S. Coast Guard! https://t.co/MhJZgN0Yqc
THANK YOU @USCG! GREAT JOB!! https://t.co/eEDn760Ogh
RT @mike_pence: Great time stopping by Rock Store BBQ in Marshville for lunch with @jdanbishop, @MarkMeadows &amp, @DavidRouzer! Thanks for the...
RT @mike_pence: Thank you to everyone at the @NCGOP working hard to get @jdanbishop to Washington! Keep up the great work! #NC09 https://t....
Beautiful evening in Fayetteville tonight! Big day in North Carolina tomorrow. Make sure you get out and VOTE for Dan Bishop in #NC09 and Greg Murphy in #NC03! https://t.co/bu296fHQab
THANK YOU Fayetteville, North Carolina! Make sure you get out and VOTE TOMORROW for Dan Bishop in #NC09 and Greg Murphy in #NC03!! https://t.co/4uwswuHB2u
NORTH CAROLINA — Vote for Dan Bishop in #NC09 and Greg Murphy in #NC03 TOMORROW. Make it a great day for Republicans!
Received an update on Air Force One at MCAS Cherry Point in North Carolina, regarding damage caused by Hurricane Dorian. https://t.co/ogQRJ3iLmr
Departing MCAS Cherry Point in North Carolina for Fayetteville, North Carolina. This is amazing! https://t.co/JDv5HA126A
Speaking to Governor @HenryMcMaster of South Carolina on my way to North Carolina for a big rally for Dan Bishop (@jdanbishop) running for Congress. Vote tomorrow! #NC09 https://t.co/KmrDd9JPOh
To every one of the HEROES we recognized today — THANK YOU and God Bless You All! https://t.co/JWKwylpdiO
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump awarded six police officers from Dayton, Ohio, with the Medal of Valor and honored five American...
We have been serving as policemen in Afghanistan, and that was not meant to be the job of our Great Soldiers, the finest on earth. Over the last four days, we have been hitting our Enemy harder than at any time in the last ten years!
...the Economy, where there is NO Recession, much to the regret of the LameStream Media! They are working overtime to help the Democrats win in 2020, but that will NEVER HAPPEN, Americans are too smart!
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Here's the 1am EDT update on #Dorian: Tropical Storm Conditions Continue to Spread Northward Along the North Carolina Coa...
...the look of turmoil in the White House, of which there is none. I view much of the media as simply an arm of the Democrat Party. They are corrupt, and they are extremely upset at how well our Country is doing under MY Leadership, including...
"RT @WhiteHouse: “This is a momentous occasion for the arts."" @FLOTUS, who is the Honorary Chair of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Perfo..."
A lot of Fake News is being reported that I overruled the VP and various advisers on a potential Camp David meeting with the Taliban. This Story is False! I always think it is good to meet and talk, but in this case I decided not to. The Dishonest Media likes to create...
RT @WhiteHouse: Just now, President @realDonaldTrump honored 11 incredible patriots, each of whom stepped forward to save lives in the face...
The Trump Administration has achieved more in the first 2 1/2 years of its existence than perhaps any administration in the history of our Country. We get ZERO media credit for what we have done, and are doing, but the people know, and that’s all that is important!
I had nothing to do with the decision of our great @VP Mike Pence to stay overnight at one of the Trump owned resorts in Doonbeg, Ireland. Mike’s family has lived in Doonbeg for many years, and he thought that during his very busy European visit, he would stop and see his family!
I know nothing about an Air Force plane landing at an airport (which I do not own and have nothing to do with) near Turnberry Resort (which I do own) in Scotland, and filling up with fuel, with the crew staying overnight at Turnberry (they have good taste!). NOTHING TO DO WITH ME
The Trump Administrations has achieved more in the first 2 1/2 years of its existence than perhaps any administration in the history of our Country. We get ZERO media credit for what we have done, and are doing, but the people know, and that’s all that is important!
..that this Administration has done. They don’t talk about the great economy, the big tax and regulation cuts, the rebuilding of the Military, “Choice” at our VA, our Vets, Judges and Supreme Court Justices, the Border Wall going up, lowest crime numbers, 2nd A, and so much more!
As bad as @CNN is, Comcast MSNBC is worse. Their ratings are also way down because they have lost all credibility. I believe their stories about me are not 93% negative, but actually 100% negative. They are incapable of saying anything positive, despite all of the great things...
...But most importantly, @CNN is bad for the USA. Their International Division spews bad information &amp, Fake News all over the globe. This is why foreign leaders are always asking me, “Why does the Media hate the U.S. sooo much?” It is a fraudulent shame, &amp, all comes from the top!
Great news that an activist investor is now involved with AT&amp,T. As the owner of VERY LOW RATINGS @CNN, perhaps they will now put a stop to all of the Fake News emanating from its non-credible “anchors.” Also, I hear that, because of its bad ratings, it is losing a fortune.....
94% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, a record. Thank you!
House Republicans should allow Chairs of Committees to remain for longer than 6 years. It forces great people, and real leaders, to leave after serving. The Dems have unlimited terms. While that has its own problems, it is a better way to go. Fewer people, in the end, will leave!
...but then he ran for Congress and won, only to lose his re-elect after I Tweeted my endorsement, on Election Day, for his opponent. But now take heart, he is back, and running for President of the United States. The Three Stooges, all badly failed candidates, will give it a go!
When the former Governor of the Great State of South Carolina, @MarkSanford, was reported missing, only to then say he was away hiking on the Appalachian Trail, then was found in Argentina with his Flaming Dancer friend, it sounded like his political career was over. It was,....
North Carolina, vote for Dan Bishop tomorrow. We need him badly in Washington! His opponent is a far left Sanctuary Cities supporter.
RT @JuddPDeere45: Today, @POTUS @realDonaldTrump was informed that His Highness Sheikh Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah, Amir of the State...
RT @JuddPDeere45: .... The @POTUS wishes his friend, the Amir, a speedy recovery and looks forward to welcoming him back to Washington as s...
RT @FEMA_Pete: I met with @NCemergency officials today to discuss @fema support as they assess damage and address needs in hard-hit communi...
RT @MariaBartiromo: Navarro: Trump's economy is solid as a rock https://t.co/6az9d2ixWq  @SundayFutures @FoxNews
Maria &amp, John understood the dishonesty &amp, deception from the very beginning! https://t.co/kyYx4S56Z0
.....the importance or passage of Criminal Justice Reform. They only talk about the minor players, or people that had nothing to do with it...And the people that so desperately sought my help when everyone else had failed, all they talk about now is Impeaching President Trump!
....musician @johnlegend, and his filthy mouthed wife, are talking now about how great it is - but I didn’t see them around when we needed help getting it passed. “Anchor”@LesterHoltNBC doesn’t even bring up the subject of President Trump or the Republicans when talking about....
....A man named @VanJones68, and many others, were profusely grateful (at that time!). I SIGNED IT INTO LAW, no one else did, &amp, Republicans deserve much credit. But now that it is passed, people that had virtually nothing to do with it are taking the praise. Guys like boring.....
....information does come out.” Charlie Hurt, Washington Times  @LouDobbs
When all of the people pushing so hard for Criminal Justice Reform were  unable to come even close to getting it done, they came to me as a group and asked for my help. I got it done with a group of Senators &amp, others who would never have gone for it. Obama couldn’t come close....
RT @IvankaTrump: I look forward to visiting Alabama on Tuesday! 🇺🇸 https://t.co/RlHTCOv4JK
RT @arielmou: ⁦#Video of @IvankaTrump⁩ dancing with Paraguayan women, as her South American trip comes to an end today. #WGDP https://t.co/...
RT @VP: Thank you @IvankaTrump for continuing to show America’s support for the people of Venezuela! We will not stop fighting until they h...
RT @thehill: YESTERDAY: Ivanka Trump meets with the Paraguay Pres. Mario Abdo Benítez during her trip in South America. https://t.co/rAaLK9...
RT @JessicaDitto45: “We stand with the people of Venezuela in their struggle to restore democracy, freedom and rule of law. It was deeply m...
Congratulations to @JudgeJeanine Pirro on having, again, the Number One Best Selling Book!
Looking forward to being in the North Carolina tomorrow night. We’re having a BIG RALLY for a great guy, Dan Bishop. Strong on Crime, Borders, your Military and our Vets, we need Dan Bishop in Washington badly. His opponent is WEAK on Crime, Borders, and against your 2nd A.
WE ARE BUILDING THE WALL... https://t.co/OQQaag2ZUW
Leakin’ Lyin’ James Comey! https://t.co/0qr5BcbRcl
https://t.co/QeUbwdsWfr
....only made it worse! If they cannot agree to a ceasefire during these very important peace talks, and would even kill 12 innocent people, then they probably don’t have the power to negotiate a meaningful agreement anyway. How many more decades are they willing to fight?
....an attack in Kabul that killed one of our great great soldiers, and 11 other people. I immediately cancelled the meeting and called off peace negotiations. What kind of people would kill so many in order to seemingly strengthen their bargaining position? They didn’t, they....
Unbeknownst to almost everyone, the major Taliban leaders and, separately, the President of Afghanistan, were going to secretly meet with me at Camp David on Sunday. They were coming to the United States tonight. Unfortunately, in order to build false leverage, they admitted to..
RT @PoliticalShort: “News coverage of President Trump has been 92% negative. The most egregious and dangerous forms of this bias thrived th...
"RT @BreitbartNews: Elizabeth Warren promises to declare war on American energy. ""I will ban fracking—everywhere."" https://t.co/YEenw2MUfV"
RT @BreitbartNews: Swedish behavioral scientist Magnus Söderlund has suggested that eating other people after they die could be a means of...
RT @JudicialWatch: .@realDonaldTrump retweeted our petition! Right now, our borders are being used as gateways for drug cartels &amp, violent c...
"RT @BreitbartNews: Everything is on the line. ""...the Democrats will move for an outright repeal of the Second Amendment,"" said @RepMoBrook..."
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/J3aTzBG7ao
...FAKE NEWS. I would like very much to stop referring to this ridiculous story, but the LameStream Media just won’t let it alone. They always have to have the last word, even though they know they are defrauding &amp, deceiving the public. The public knows that the Media is corrupt!
The Failing New York Times stated, in an article written by Obama flunky Peter Baker (who lovingly wrote Obama book),”Even after the President forecast the storm to include Alabama.” THIS IS NOT TRUE. I said, VERY EARLY ON, that it MAY EVEN hit Alabama. A BIG DIFFERENCE.....
Our Economy is doing great!!!!! https://t.co/JnnEbyWQek
RT @VP: The United States stands without apology for a strong, prosperous, and free United Kingdom and we fully support their decision to l...
RT @WhiteHouseCEA: New from @BLS_gov - in August, the #unemployment rate remained at 3.7%, and has been under 4% for 18 consecutive months,...
"RT @WhiteHouse: Congress has an opportunity to replace NAFTA with a deal that protects American workers—and ""would boost the fortunes of Am..."
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! https://t.co/NeTvaaeVTR
Congratulations to the GREAT Jerry West! https://t.co/BD6FUD6JwP https://t.co/tNMJCRD4ft
Thank you Katie. The U.S. is doing great! https://t.co/FT2ERbVPf6
Russia and Ukraine just swapped large numbers of prisoners. Very good news, perhaps a first giant step to peace. Congratulations to both countries!
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Hurricane #Dorian Advisory 51: Core of Hurricane Dorian Brushing the Coast of North Carolina. https://t.co/VqHn0u1vgc
“In 22 years of patrolling our Southern Border, I have never seen Mexico act like a true Border Security Partner until President Trump got involved, and now they are stepping up to the plate and doing what they need to do.” Brandon Judd, National Border Patrol
The Washington Post’s @PhilipRucker (Mr. Off the Record) &amp, @AshleyRParker, two nasty lightweight reporters, shouldn’t even be allowed on the grounds of the White House because their reporting is so DISGUSTING &amp, FAKE. Also, add the appointment of MANY Federal Judges this Summer! https://t.co/7d33tzKxXq
I want to congratulate @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell and all Republicans. Today I signed the 160th Federal Judge to the Bench. Within a short period of time we will be at over 200 Federal Judges, including many in the Appellate Courts &amp, two great new U.S. Supreme Court Justices!
....I would also like to thank “Papa” Doug Manchester, hopefully the next Ambassador to the Bahamas, for the incredible amount of time, money and passion he has spent on helping to bring safety to the Bahamas. Much work to be done by the Bahamian Government. We will help! @OANN
Thank you to Bahamian Prime Minister Hubert Minnis for your very gracious and kind words in saying that without the help of the United States and me, their would have been many more casualties. I give all credit to FEMA, the U.S. Coast Guard, &amp, the brave people of the Bahamas..
China just enacted a major stimulus plan. With all the Tariffs THEY are paying to the USA, Billions and Billions of Dollars, they need it! In the meantime, our Federal Reserve sits back and does NOTHING!
PROMISES MADE, PROMISES KEPT! https://t.co/chGpYgkmo7
https://t.co/sQ70fKcTjV
....that were not hit – and that are in good condition. Any cruise ship companies willing to act as stationary housing, etc., I am sure would be appreciated!
The @USCG, @FEMA, and all others, along with other countries that have been helping, have been asked to move people in the badly hit sections of the Bahamas to other sections of the Bahamas....
“The Washington Post’s Lost Summer” https://t.co/jHkZyiJwZL
https://t.co/tsIMIawIxh
https://t.co/J3aTzBG7ao
“China is eating the Tariffs.” Billions pouring into USA. Targeted Patriot Farmers getting massive Dollars from the incoming Tariffs! Good Jobs Numbers, No Inflation(Fed). China having worst year in decades. Talks happening, good for all!
The Economy is great. The only thing adding to “uncertainty” is the Fake News!
Great job by FEMA, Law Enforcement, First Responders, U.S. Coast Guard, and ALL! Keep going, we all appreciate what you are doing!
....partner should start playing it straight. It would be so much better for our Country!
....This nonsense has never happened to another President. Four days of corrupt reporting, still without an apology. But there are many things that the Fake News Media has not apologized to me for, like the Witch Hunt, or SpyGate! The LameStream Media and their Democrat.....
The Fake News Media was fixated on the fact that I properly said, at the beginnings of Hurricane Dorian, that in addition to Florida &amp, other states, Alabama may also be grazed or hit. They went Crazy, hoping against hope that I made a mistake (which I didn’t). Check out maps.....
Larry Kudlow on @Varneyco now!
Our great @JudgeJeanine has just written a book that will add to the tremendous success of her last number one best seller. It’s called, “Radicals, Resistance, and Revenge, The Left’s Plot To Remake America.” It is a FANTASTIC book. Go get it! @foxandfriends
Great interview of Sarah Sanders by @foxandfriends. She is a terrific person with a great future!
Congratulations to @edhenry and his sister on a great success. What a wonderful thing to do!
I agree with @jimcramer, the Fed should lower rates. They were WAY too early to raise, and Way too late to cut - and big dose quantitative tightening didn’t exactly help either. Where did I find this guy Jerome? Oh well, you can’t win them all!
DACA will be going before the Supreme Court. It is a document that even President Obama didn’t feel he had the legal right to sign - he signed it anyway! Rest assured that if the SC does what all say it must, based on the law, a bipartisan deal will be made to the benefit of all!
....President Obama never had the legal right to sign DACA, and he indicated so at the time of signing. But In any event, how can he have the right to sign and I don’t have the right to “unsigned.” Totally illegal document which would actually give the President new powers.
....have the discretion to end the program that President Obama began in his discretion. That program was unlawful to begin with. I think it’s very unlikely that the SCOTUS is going to issue an order reinstating what it believes is an unlawful program. DACA Is unlawful.” .....
The Immigration Law Institute’s Christopher Hajec says, “The Supreme Court has to look st whether DACA is lawful. What they are looking at now is whether Trump’s recision of DACA is lawful. Must consider lawfulness of DACA itself. Looks very odd that President Trump doesn’t.....
....that our economy is very strong. If the Fed would lower rates to where the bond market says they should be, then I really wouldn’t worry about a recession.” @jimcramer @JoeSquawk
“I think President Trump is set in his ways because he doesn’t see any weakening. I mean, look at the joblessness report today. What I’m surprised at is how strong the consumer is. I think the Chinese need it (a deal) more than we do. It’s statistical. I just think....
RT @MadMoneyOnCNBC: .@JimCramer: Thursday’s positive economic data may get some commentators to ease up on the desire to endlessly call for...
Looking forward to watching @SarahHuckabee Sanders tomorrow morning on @FoxandFriends, by far the #1 rated show on Morning Cable at 8:30am. Sarah will be an incredible addition to @FoxNews!
RT @NHC_Atlantic: New Watches and Warnings Issued Along the Southeastern United States Coast. Rain and Wind Threat also Increasing For Port...
Great job done by @GovRonDesantis, @SenRickScott, Senator @MarcoRubio, and all of the those from Florida that were so brilliantly involved, including @FEMA, @USCG, Law Enforcement and First Responders. Thank you all!
Just got off the phone with Governor Brian Kemp (@GovKemp) of Georgia. Happy to hear that things are looking good for everyone. I stand by ready to assist, along with our great team at @FEMA – we’re with you ALL THE WAY!
Just spoke to Governor @HenryMcMaster of South Carolina regarding Hurricane Dorian. I informed Henry that we are monitoring South Carolina and stand by ready to assist. Be safe everyone, we are totally with you!
Just talked to Governor Roy Cooper of North Carolina as Hurricane Dorian ominously comes up the East Coast. We are monitoring it at the @WhiteHouse, ready to assist via our great team over at @FEMA, who are already on site. We are with you all the way North Carolina. BE SAFE!
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Here are the 5pm EDT Key Messages on Hurricane #Dorian. Life-threatening storm surge and dangerous winds and flash floodi...
I was with you all the way Alabama. The Fake News Media was not! https://t.co/gO5pwahaj9
Just as I said, Alabama was originally projected to be hit. The Fake News denies it! https://t.co/elJ7ROfm2p
RT @NWSColumbia: [Sep 5, 1`:25 PM] - Winds are picking back up @NOAABuoyData #41004, 47 miles SE from Charleston as #Dorian's eye moves awa...
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Here are the 11 am EDT key messages on Hurricane #Dorian.  The latest full advisory is always available at https://t.co/t...
....His dedication to Israel and to seeking peace between Israel and the Palestinians won’t be forgotten. He will be missed. Thank you Jason!
After almost 3 years in my Administration, Jason Greenblatt will be leaving to pursue work in the private sector. Jason has been a loyal and great friend and fantastic lawyer....
Really Good Jobs Numbers!
Alabama was going to be hit or grazed, and then Hurricane Dorian took a different path (up along the East Coast). The Fake News knows this very well. That’s why they’re the Fake News!
....said what she did, even being on a much higher rated show, she would have been thrown off television. Will Fake News NBC allow a McCarthy style Racist to continue? ABC fired Roseanne. Watch the double standard!
Bad “actress” Debra The Mess Messing is in hot water. She wants to create a “Blacklist” of Trump supporters, &amp, is being accused of McCarthyism. Is also being accused of being a Racist because of the terrible things she said about blacks and mental illness. If Roseanne Barr....
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Beyond Hurricane #Dorian and TS #Gabrielle, we're monitoring 3 other disturbances with a low chance of becoming tropical...
RT @NWSWilmingtonNC: Video of a tornado passing near Pender County Fire Station 18 along Highway 17 near Sidbury Rd. Video courtesty of Sta...
RT @NHC_Atlantic: 7 AM EDT Tropical Cyclone Update for Hurricane #Dorian: Tropical Storm Conditions Occurring Along Portions of the South C...
RT @DaveNYviii: President Trump Border Update 500 Miles of Wall Complete by Close of 2020Irregular Migration Reduced by 50%#BuildTheWal...
RT @realDonaldTrump: This was the originally projected path of the Hurricane in its early stages. As you can see, almost all models predict...
....Instead it turned North and went up the coast, where it continues now. In the one model through Florida, the Great State of Alabama would have been hit or grazed. In the path it took, no. Read my FULL FEMA statement. What I said was accurate! All Fake News in order to demean!
In the early days of the hurricane, when it was predicted that Dorian would go through Miami or West Palm Beach, even before it reached the Bahamas, certain models strongly suggested that Alabama &amp, Georgia would be hit as it made its way through Florida &amp, to the Gulf....
RT @militarykind: The announcer couldn't even get through his speech without choking up for this sweet Army mom homecoming.❤️⚾️🇺🇸 https://t...
Thank you Rad - looking great! https://t.co/YeKXSNjKwW
Thank you Terrence. Best Employment Numbers In History for African Americans! https://t.co/YCf2WT4XHt
RT @NHC_Atlantic: 7 pm Tropical Cyclone Update:  #Dorian lashing the Georgia and South Carolina Coast. The next intermediate advisory will...
....facts, and that should terrify every American regardless of their political stripe. The idea that all of that information hasn’t already been revealed shows how dastardly these people are, and how terrified they are about what’s going to happen when that....
“Absolutely nothing is more important than going back &amp, getting to the bottom of the origins of the investigation. We had an administration using America’s Spying Apparatus to spy on a political opponent at the height of a presidential election. Those are all known, undisputed...
This was the originally projected path of the Hurricane in its early stages. As you can see, almost all models predicted it to go through Florida also hitting Georgia and Alabama. I accept the Fake News apologies! https://t.co/0uCT0Qvyo6
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Hurricane #Dorian Advisory 42: Winds Increasing Along Portions of the Florida East Coast. https://t.co/VqHn0uj6EM
State Rep Greg Murphy is running for Congress in North Carolina, District 3. We really need Greg in Washington. He is great w/ the Military, our Vets, &amp, your 2A. Strong on Crime and the Border, has had my Total Endorsement for a long time. Please vote for Greg on September 10th!
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Great State of North Carolina has EARLY VOTING for a very important Congressional (Ninth) race. Please vote early...
7. The badly flawed Paris Climate Agreement protects the polluters, hurts Americans, and cost a fortune. NOT ON MY WATCH!8. I want crystal clean water and the cleanest and the purest air on the planet – we’ve now got that!
6. The Democrats’ destructive “environmental” proposals will raise your energy bill and prices at the pump. Don't the Democrats care about fighting American poverty?
4. The U.S. now leads the world in energy production...BUT... 5. Who's got the world's cleanest and safest air and water? AMERICA!
1. Which country has the largest carbon emission reduction?AMERICA!2. Who has dumped the most carbon into the air?   CHINA!3. 91% of the world’s population are exposed to air pollution above the World Health Organization’s suggested level.   NONE ARE IN THE U.S.A.!
8 FACTS that #FakeNewsCNN will ignore in tonight’s “Climate Forum”
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump gives an update on Hurricane #Dorian: https://t.co/CmxAXHY5AO
RT @NHC_Atlantic: The Hurricane Warning has been extended northward to the North Carolina/Virginia border, including Albemarle and Pamlico...
....We can’t have a system where we run our entire economy for the benefit of other countries, which have long charged us big tariffs. Don’t keep ducking the reality. The U.S. has been subject to Tariff Terrorism for 50 years. But a real deal can be done.” Sam Zell @JoeSquawk
....Trump is doing to China is not lost on the rest of the world. Europe has had among the most protectionist policies forever. They’re sitting there and saying, gee, are we next? Maybe you are! We’ve got to change the rules. The U.S. can’t defend the world and pay for it....
“The Chinese are very adept at not accepting anything. You’ve got to be very tough, and that’s what Trump is doing. It’s in China’s interest to correct, and I think we’ll end up with a solution that’s dramatically better than we have today. Frankly, I think the impact of what...
RT @NHC_Atlantic: @NOAA @NWS Water levels could begin to rise well in advance of the arrival of strong winds.  The surge will be accompanie...
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Here's the latest #Dorian storm surge forecast from this morning.  The water could reach the following heights above grou...
RT @NHC_Atlantic: The @NWSWPC has issued a High Risk area for flash flooding over eastern South Carolina &amp, SE North Carolina for Thursday d...
“U.S. Winning Trade War With China In Dollars.” CNBC
....We can’t have a system where we run our entire economy for the benefit of other countries, which have long charged us big tariffs. Don’t keep ducking the reality. The U.S. has been subject to Tariff Terrorism for 50 years. But a real deal can be done.” Sam Zell @joekernencnbc
....Trump is doing to China is not lost on the rest of the world. Europe has had among the most protectionist policies forever. They’re sitting there and saying, gee, are we next? Maybe you are! We’ve got to change the rules. The U.S. can’t defend the world and pay for it........
“The Chinese are very adept at not accepting anything. You’ve got to be very tough, and that’s what Trump is doing. It’s in China’s interest to correct, and I think we’ll end up with a solution that’s dramatically better than we have today. Frankly, I think the impact of what....
.....on the President of the United States.” @charliekirk11 @trish_regan
“To declassify is so important because if this were a Democrat President or a Democrat Candidate, that was spied on the way President Trump was spied on, this would be a scandal that would make Watergate look like nothing. Illegal spying.....
“I am so tired of hearing the rationalization of the Left in the country because they hate Donald Trump. Inexplicably and without foundation, they choose to hate America. The Democrats have truly become the party of hate.” @LouDobbs
The truth is that we have a nation that is disgusted with the FBI. We have a crisis of confidence in the number one law enforcement agency in this country (thanks Comey!). @LouDobbs “It’s a scandal.” @AlanDersh
Thank you Jon, working hard! https://t.co/R4yrKCcr8x
At the request of Senator Thom Tillis, I am getting the North Carolina Emergency Declaration completed and signed tonight. Hope you won’t need it!
RT @53rdWRS: Our aircrew has just landed from another mission into hurricane #Dorian! Here they are rolling in.🇺🇸 ✈️⛈🌪🌊 #ReserveCitizenA...
RT @53rdWRS: Ready for more shots 📸 of hurricane #Dorian? ✈️⛈🌪🌊 No? Well too bad!#ReserveCitizenAirmen #ReserveReady #403WG #WC130J #S...
The U.S. may be getting a little bit lucky with respect to Hurricane Dorian, but please don’t let down your guard. As it heads up the coast, lots of very bad and unpredictable things can happen! On the other hand, the Bahamas have been devastated. We are sending crews to help!
Thanks @RepDougCollins - TRUE! https://t.co/o49tPKdWct
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Tropical Depression Eight has developed over the eastern tropical Atlantic. The depression is forecast to become a tropic...
@NHC_Atlantic
....”knife crime,” which is totally out of control in London. People are afraid to even walk the streets. He is a terrible mayor who should stay out of our business!
The incompetent Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, was bothered that I played a very fast round of golf yesterday. Many Pols exercise for hours, or travel for weeks. Me, I run through one of my courses (very inexpensive). President Obama would fly to Hawaii. Kahn should focus on....
Based on the IG Report, the whole Witch Hunt against me and my administration was a giant and illegal SCAM. The House of Representatives should now get back to work on drug prices, healthcare, infrastructure and all else. The Mueller Report showed No Collusion, No Obstruction!
....”knife crime,” which is totally out of control in London. People are afraid to even walk the streets. He is a terrible mayor who should stay out of our business!
The incompetent Mayor of London, Sadique Kahn, was bothered that I played a very fast round of golf yesterday. Many Pols exercise for hours, or travel for weeks. Me, I run through one of my courses (very inexpensive). President Obama would fly to Hawaii. Kahn should focus on....
Germany, and so many other countries, have negative interest rates, “they get paid for loaning money,” and our Federal Reserve fails to act! Remember, these are also our weak currency competitors!
For all of the “geniuses” out there, many who have been in other administrations and “taken to the cleaners” by China, that want me to get together with the EU and others to go after China Trade practices remember, the EU &amp, all treat us VERY unfairly on Trade also. Will change!
....And then, think what happens to China when I win. Deal would get MUCH TOUGHER! In the meantime, China’s Supply Chain will crumble and businesses, jobs and money will be gone!
We are doing very well in our negotiations with China. While I am sure they would love to be dealing with a new administration so they could continue their practice of “ripoff USA”($600 B/year),16 months PLUS is a long time to be hemorrhaging jobs and companies on a long-shot....
RT @NHC_Atlantic: The 7 am EDT Tropical Cyclone Update has been released:  Southern eyewall of #Dorian continues to lash Grand Bahama Islan...
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Potential Tropical Cyclone #Seven Advisory 1A: Disturbance Moving Westward. https://t.co/VqHn0u1vgc
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Hurricane #Dorian Advisory 40A: Eye of Dorian Beginning to Inch Northwestward. https://t.co/VqHn0u1vgc
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Here are the 11 PM EDT Monday, September 2 Key Messages for Hurricane #Dorian. For more information, visit https://t.co/t...
...Trade Agreement.” @business @ChuckGrassley @joniernst @SenatorFischer @BenSasse Making great progress for our Farmers. Approved E-15, year round. Big additional list to be submitted &amp, approved within two weeks. Will be even better for Ethanol, and we save our small refineries!
“Brazil will allow more American Ethanol to enter the country without Tariffs, a decision that Brazilian mills are celebrating. The seemingly counter-intuitive reaction stems from the tone of ongoing negotiations between the South American nation and the U.S. for a...
....when in fact, under certain original scenarios, it was in fact correct that Alabama could have received some “hurt.” Always good to be prepared! But the Fake News is only interested in demeaning and belittling. Didn’t play my whole sentence or statement. Bad people!
Such a phony hurricane report by lightweight reporter @jonkarl of @ABCWorldNews. I suggested yesterday at FEMA that, along with Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina, even Alabama could possibly come into play, which WAS true. They made a big deal about this...
....when in fact, under certain original scenarios, it was in fact correct that Alabama could have received some “hurt.” Always good to be prepared! But the Fake News is only interested in demeaning and belittling. Didn’t play my whole sentence or statement. Bad people!
RT @NHC_Atlantic: 6 AM EDT Tropical Cyclone Update on Hurricane #Dorian: Eye of Dorian Wobbling over Grand Bahama Island. https://t.co/1xVT...
Such a phony hurricane report by lightweight reporter @jonathancarl of @ABCWorldNews. I suggested yesterday at FEMA that, along with Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina, even Alabama could possibly come into play, which WAS true. They made a big deal about this...
....Trade Agreement.” @business @ChuckGrassley @joniernst  @debfisher @BenSasse Making great progress for our Farmers. Approved E-15, year round. Big additional list to be submitted and approved within two weeks. Will be even better for Ethanol, and we save our small refineries!
“Brazil will allow more American Ethanol to enter the country without Tariffs, a decision that Brazilian mills are celebrating. The seemingly counter-intuitive reaction stems from the tone of ongoing negotiations between the South American nation and the U.S. for a....
https://t.co/h5EMpC8hCo
RT @WhiteHouse: Our great American workers are winning under President @realDonaldTrump! 🇺🇸 https://t.co/SDIYGwLNId
RT @VCFD_PIO: #CoastInc:  @VCFD responded to boat fire off the north side of Santa Cruz Island at approximately 3:28am. @USCG helping suppo...
RT @KTLA: Rescue operation underway near Santa Cruz Island involving at least 30 people on a 75-foot boat, per @USCGLosAngeleshttps://t.co...
RT @USCGLosAngeles: BREAKING NEWS:  The Coast Guard has launched multiple rescue assets along with assets from local agencies to assist mor...
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Tropical-storm-force winds are mostly likely to start in Georgia early on Wednesday, in South Carolina late Wednesday, an...
RT @NHC_Atlantic: For more local information on #Dorian effects in the southeastern United States, please follow @NWSMiami @NWSTampaBay @NW...
RT @realDonaldTrump: All Trump Haters and Lovers must watch. Thank you Steve Hilton! https://t.co/QaSkw8IWNz
....The good news is that we are winning. Our real opponent is not the Democrats, or the dwindling number of Republicans that lost their way and got left behind, our primary opponent is the Fake News Media. In the history of our Country, they have never been so bad!
The LameStream Media has gone totally CRAZY! They write whatever they want, seldom have sources (even though they say they do), never do “fact checking” anymore, and are only looking for the “kill.” They take good news and make it bad. They are now beyond Fake, they are Corrupt..
The Amazon Washington Post did a story that I brought racist attacks against the “Squad.” No, they brought racist attacks against our Nation. All I do is call them out for the horrible things they have said. The Democrats have become the Party of the Squad!
....Trump Economics. With President Trump, Tariffs are bringing companies back to the USA like he said they would! @SteveHiltonx
....swing states that went to Trump in 2016 because he promised not to forget about them like the establishment had done for decades, and their trust in President Trump, paid off as they saw their incomes rise...And it’s the lowest paid workers who have gained the most with....
....Average hourly wages growth has far outpaced what we saw with President Obama. Across all industries, from mining and construction, to leisure &amp, hospitality, With President Trump we see income growth in states like Iowa, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Nevada, Florida,......
“The last three years of Trump policy have finally brought real hope and real change. Unemployment this year hit a 50 year low. With President Trump we’ve seen the lowest EVER African American and Hispanic unemployment. The booming Trump Economy has pushed up workers wages....
“They are liars, and in my opinion, TRAITORS!” @LouDobbs talking about Comey and his dwindling group of friends.
....and watched. NAFTA is the worst Trade Deal ever made - terrible for labor - and Richard let it stand. No wonder unions are losing so much. The workers will vote for me in 2020 (lowest unemployment, most jobs ever), and should stop paying exorbitant $Dues, not worth it!
Just watched AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka on @FoxNews and thought to myself how different he is on TV than he is when he is with me at the White House. Likes what we are doing until the cameras go on. We got robbed on Trade and everything else while his Dems just sat back....
Since my election, many trillions of dollars of worth has been created for our Country, and the Stock Market is up over 50%. If you followed the advice of the Failing New York Times columnist, Paul Krugman, you’d be doing VERY poorly - you’d be angry and hurt. He never got it!
....adds up to the most ambitious Pro-Worker policy agenda this Country has ever seen. The President promised Jobs, Jobs, Jobs, and that is exactly what he is delivering.” @SteveHiltonx @NextRevFNC @FoxNews
“When you put everything together, the pro growth Tax &amp, Regulation Cuts, help to retrain workers, the Tariffs which encourage manufacturers to come back to America, along with President Trumps tough approach on immigration (strong stance on illegals, promoting Merit Based), it...
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Hurricane #Dorian Advisory 36: Category 5 Dorian Continues to Have Devastating Impacts On Grand Bahama Island. https://t....
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Here are the 5 AM Monday, September 2 Key Messages for Hurricane #Dorian. Life-threatening storm surge and hurricane-forc...
We are doing very well with China, and talking!
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Hurricane Watches Expanded Northward Along the East Coast to the Florida/Georgia Border. Here are the 11 PM EDT 09/01 Key...
.....this (Judge Thomas Ambro, Majotity Opinion), and thank God for a President like Donald J. Trump, who will appoint judges like this. He will soon have appointed 180 new Federal Judges, not even including two great new Supreme Court Justices.” @robertjeffress @LouDobbs
“We hold that legislative prayer is government speech not open to attack via those channels.” Third Circuit, Court of Appeals. “Lou, that’s why this next Election is so important, the soul of America. They want to take religion out of American lives. Thank God for judges like....
Pray for the people in the Bahamas. Being hit like never before, Category 5.  Almost 200 MPH winds.
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump: “I ask everyone in Hurricane Dorian’s path to heed all warnings and evacuation orders from loca...
RT @WhiteHouse: “On behalf of all Americans, I’d like to express my deepest sympathies and sorrow for the victims and their families. We as...
RT @RudyGiuliani: #Trump2020 rally in Manchester, NH blows Biden and Dems away. https://t.co/nmZIhlfdzj
Great job by Texas Law Enforcement and First Responders in handling the terrible shooting tragedy yesterday. Thank you also to the FBI, @GregAbbott_TX and all others. A very tough and sad situation!
In addition to Florida - South Carolina, North Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama, will most likely be hit (much) harder than anticipated. Looking like one of the largest hurricanes ever. Already category 5. BE CAREFUL! GOD BLESS EVERYONE!
RT @NWSSanAntonio: 🛰️ Satellite imagery this morning of now Category 5 Hurricane Dorian approaching the Abaco Islands in the northern Baham...
RT @weatherchannel: BREAKING: #HurricaneDorian is now a Category 5 as it closes in on the Bahamas. https://t.co/iAbJpgRoFe
RT @ABC: LATEST: Hurricane Dorian has intensified to a major Category 5 storm, threatening the northwestern Bahamas. https://t.co/fjsWABH93...
RT @GovRonDeSantis: Thank you, @USACEHQ. Our administration continues to work around the clock with all of our federal and local partners...
RT @GovRonDeSantis: While #Dorian’s path is generally more favorable compared to yesterday, we can’t let our guard down.Floridians and th...
RT @GovRonDeSantis: Hurricane #Dorian is now an extremely dangerous Category 5 storm, with sustained winds of 175 mph. If you live along th...
RT @Readygov: As you prepare for #Dorian, plan for your specific needs:✅ Include medication in your emergency kit✅ Charge assistive devi...
This is only the beginning! https://t.co/mFrtBPtCcO
RT @realDonaldTrump: This should NEVER happen to another President again! https://t.co/4ynSXVo9e9
"RT @realDonaldTrump: ""FALLOUT FROM IG'S SCATHING COMEY REPORT"" https://t.co/NrpeBkPbww"
RT @realDonaldTrump: If the Fed would cut, we would have one of the biggest Stock Market increases in a long time. Badly run and weak compa...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Crazy Lawrence O’Donnell, who has been calling me wrong from even before I announced my run for the Presidency, even b...
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....for the most ridiculous claim of all, that Russia, Russia, Russia, or Russian oligarchs, co-signed loan documents...
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""It is disheartening that families continue to put their lives and the lives of their children at risk of drowning and heat..."
RT @VP: Looking forward to representing President @realDonaldTrump and the US in Poland for the solemn occasion of the 80th anniversary of...
RT @WhiteHouse: The old, six-foot border fence in Tecate, California—installed in the 1990s—was made from salvaged military landing mats....
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thanks @RepDougCollins - TRUE! https://t.co/o49tPKdWct
RT @realDonaldTrump: “One of the most disgraceful examples of an abuse of power by a government official...when you read this report...this is...
I have not forgotten that when it was announced that I was going to do The Apprentice, and when it then became a big hit, helping NBC’s failed lineup greatly, @DebraMessing came up to me at an Upfront &amp, profusely thanked me, even calling me “Sir.” How times have changed!
“Comey and McCabe (and more) are Dirty Cops.” Joe DiGenova
....reports are coming. Comey very vulnerable. But where is the Supreme Court. Where is Justice Roberts? If you lie to a court, you should be held in contempt. So, if you abused the FISA, you must be held accountable. I hope Justice Roberts will take action.” Jason Chaffetz, Fox
“James Comey has been rebuked at the highest level, with much more to come. An IG Report doesn’t get any stronger, calling him dangerous, insubordinate. THANK GOODNESS THAT DONALD TRUMP WAS ELECTED, BECAUSE IF HE WASN’T ELECTED, THESE PEOPLE WOULD STILL BE IN POWER. Two more.....
RT @53rdWRS: We’ve made it back home to Keesler Air Force Base, Mississippi. Here’s a few photos from hurricane #Dorian ✈️⛈🌪🌊 #ReserveCi...
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Here are the 5 AM EDT Sunday, September 1 Key Messages for Hurricane #Dorian. Conditions will be deteriorating over the A...
RT @NHC_Atlantic: NEW: #Dorian is now a category 5 #hurricane with 160 mph sustained winds.   The eyewall of this catastrophic hurricane is...
RT @fema: Stay alert &amp, get prepared for #Dorian if you are in the Southeast. Monitor forecasts closely, as the storm's track can change qui...
RT @NHC_Atlantic: A Tropical Storm Warning is now in effect for Hurricane #Dorian north of Deerfield Beach to Sebastian Inlet, Florida. A T...
....is about American Freedom. Redirect the supply chain. There is no reason to buy everything from China!
Peter Morici, Economist: Tariffs will not impact American consumers that much because the Chinese currency has gone down, which gives our importers a discount. Importers can find suppliers outside of China. Absolutely worth it, we don’t want to be servants to the Chinese! This...
Just briefed by Attorney General Barr about the shootings in Texas. FBI and Law Enforcement is fully engaged. More to follow.
RT @JudicialWatch: JW announced it received records of 14 referrals of FBI employees to the organization’s Office of Professional Responsib...
“The vindication belongs to the President for firing James Comey. It was clearly the right thing to do. You don’t want an FBI Director with Jim Comey’s ethics.” Jason Riley, Wall Street Journal
Enjoy the low gas prices over the Labor Day weekend! My energy policies have made America energy independent while keeping prices low, just like a Tax Cut. The Democrats “green” policies will raise your price of gas! https://t.co/iBS1UQul7A
....but now we are moving forward like never before. We are winning again, and we are respected again!
Being scolded by failed former “Intelligence” officials, like James Clapper, on my condolences to Iran on their failed Rocket launch. Sadly for the United States, guys like him, Comey, and the even dumber John Brennan, don’t have a clue. They really set our Country back,....
Just watched Congresswoman Debbie Dingell, and many other Democrats, wanting to give up on our very successful Trade battle with China, which has had its worst Economic year in memory (and getting worse). We are taking in $Billions. Will be big for Farmers and ALL!
RT @NWS: Here are the latest Key Messages on Hurricane Dorian from @NWSNHC https://t.co/VRiU5VYSJX
Has anyone noticed that the top shows on @foxnews and cable ratings are those that are Fair (or great) to your favorite President, me! Congratulations to @seanhannity for being the number one show on Cable Television!
Dan will be GREAT! https://t.co/5zfVFweUCh
Looking like our great South Carolina could get hit MUCH harder than first thought. Georgia and North Carolina also. It’s moving around and very hard to predict, except that it is one of the biggest and strongest (and really wide) that we have seen in decades. Be safe!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, which is happening, and then, KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
I was right about Comey, CROOKED COP!
RT @FLSERT: Make sure to have a tank full of gas and stock your vehicle with emergency supplies in case you need to evacuate. Listen to dir...
RT @FLSERT: Find the latest information, on #HurricaneDorian&gt,&gt,&gt, https://t.co/Dn8xfWBr2W #flprepares https://t.co/JinCfSiUL2
RT @fema: As you plan for Hurricane #Dorian, consider the specific medical needs of all members of your household. Planning ahead can save...
RT @RedCross: Make a blood donation this #LaborDayWeekend and you'll receive this free tote bag while supplies last to carry everything you...
RT @RedCross: Serving the military is part of what we do. For these #MilitarySpouses, joining the Red Cross as a volunteer helped them get...
RT @RedCross: The free Red Cross Emergency App puts real-time weather alerts, open Red Cross shelter locations and #hurricane tips in the p...
RT @SFLRedCross: As you get #RedCrossReady for #HurricaneDorian, keep in mind this important distinction between pre-storm evacuation shelt...
RT @RedCross: When it comes to hurricanes, preparation is key. Here's what you can do now to make sure your pets are well taken care of in...
A great team, working hard! https://t.co/QeGuomKBir
RT @NHC_Atlantic: Here are the 5 AM EDT Saturday, August 31 Key Messages for Hurricane #Dorian.  A prolonged period of storm surge and hurr...
RT @NHC_Atlantic: 8/31 8 AM EDT: There's been a notable change overnight to the forecast of #Dorian after Tuesday. It should be stressed th...
RT @HealthyFla: For full list of all evacuation shelters, visit: https://t.co/wj3wNyMW0m you or a loved one have #specialneeds, visit https...
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Great State of North Carolina has EARLY VOTING for a very important Congressional (Ninth) race. Please vote early...
Thank you Kevin. Great things are happening at the Border! https://t.co/gR71Z1Au8B
...Yes, I am currently suing various people for violating their confidentiality agreements. Disgusting and foul mouthed Omarosa is one. I gave her every break, despite the fact that she was despised by everyone, and she went for some cheap money from a book. Numerous others also!
While Madeleine Westerhout has a fully enforceable confidentiality agreement, she is a very good person and I don’t think there would ever be reason to use it. She called me yesterday to apologize, had a bad night. I fully understood and forgave her! I love Tiffany, doing great!
Has anyone noticed that the top shows on @foxnews and cable ratings are those that are Fair (or great) to your favorite President, me! Congratulations to @seanhannity for being the number one shoe on Cable Television!
RT @SenateGOP: 🇺🇸 @SenatorWicker meets with @USCG rescue swimmers at Air Station Kodiak. ⁣On average, the brave men and women of the Unit...
RT @SenCapito: Highlights from today’s @HINOTRUCKSUSA visit 🚛🚚 Although #WV has a vibrant automotive industrial cluster, this facility is t...
RT @JimInhofe: A historic meeting with U.S. military &amp, Mexican officials protecting both sides of our southern border. Due to joint coopera...
RT @IvankaTrump: Fact: Thanks to pro-growth policies of this Administration, Americans are earning more. Since the passage of Tax Cuts, r...
“The IG found that James Comey leaked Classified Documents to his attorneys, which can be (is) a violation of the Espionage Act. This is consistent with all the lies that Comey has been spreading. @GreggJarrett  @ByronYork @LouDobbs
Cory is doing a Great job for Colorado! https://t.co/OmsGvWL9E3
RT @senrobportman: Today I saw firsthand the critical and innovative research and ground tests for the international space community being...
RT @SenateGOP: On this day 99 years ago, the 19th Amendment was adopted to our Constitution, securing for women the right to vote. Today...
RT @MarshaBlackburn: If it wasn't for one convincing mother, the 19th Amendment may not have been ratified. Harry T. Burn, a state represen...
RT @SenatorLankford: As I travel around the state, a lot of people ask about securing the US-Mexico border &amp, what Congress can do to fix th...
Nobody knows more about Healthcare than John. Great guy! https://t.co/T4i0UYqLqd
RT @SenCapito: Stopped in and visited with the Witschey family at their market in New Martinsville this morning. Celebrating 75 years in bu...
RT @SenToddYoung: I saw some of the handiwork of the engineering students at Rose Hulman Institute of Technology, including a concrete cano...
RT @SenatorRomney: As a major export state, Utah’s agricultural industry would greatly benefit from #USMCAnow. Hosted a roundtable this eve...
RT @senrobportman: I will continue to work in Washington to ensure that @NasaGlenn has the support it needs to carry out it’s vital mission...
An amazing guy, respected by all! https://t.co/S814IXvHc4
RT @JohnBoozman: The #ServingARVets tour has been a great week traveling across the state meeting with #veterans, visiting vet-owned busine...
RT @SenateGOP: .@SenatorIsakson serves the people of Georgia with honor, distinction and deep devotion. Johnny is a true gentleman.   A pow...
RT @JerryMoran: As the chairman of the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee, @SenatorIsakson has led significant efforts to transform the VA...
One of the greats! https://t.co/14o0j9aZfj
RT @JimInhofe: Proud @AmericanAir announced they're bringing more than 400 jobs to Tulsa. As a pilot myself, I know how vital maintenance t...
RT @SenatorBraun: Representing Indiana on the @SenateAg Committee means it’s so important to sit down with Hoosier farmers to dig into what...
RT @senatemajldr: Senate Republicans are unified against any court packing schemes. We promise this: while we remain members of this body,...
RT @SenKevinCramer: Like the rest of the Democratic party platform, this court-packing scheme is nothing more than a sloppy regurgitation o...
RT @SenatorTimScott: A very happy birthday to the United States Marine Corps Reserve! We are truly honored to have such outstanding men and...
"RT @senjudiciary: “This attempt by Democrats to intimidate the Court is highly inappropriate,” said Chairman @LindseyGrahamSC. ""The Left is..."
RT @MarshaBlackburn: The independence of our judicial branch is under attack. Our Democrat colleagues’ threats to pack the Court are an e...
RT @SenatorEnzi: The Supreme Court should rule in cases only as the law dictates, without regard to the identity of the parties or politics...
Doing really well! https://t.co/UndcviEiML
RT @SenThomTillis: Unreal: the fmr Fed Chair is lobbying the Fed to use its authority to meddle in the election to defeat @realDonaldTrump....
I am monitoring Hurricane Dorian and receiving frequent briefings and updates. It is important to heed the directions of your State and Local Officials. This is an extremely dangerous storm, please prepare and be safe! @FEMA @NWS @NOAA @Readygov @FLSERT https://t.co/Fee9EB1wQk
....pass the laugh test, and the Inspector General just knocked that down.” @ByronYork  @LouDobbs
“They could have charged Comey with theft of government documents, 641 of the Criminal Code, because the IG found these were not his personal documents, these were government documents.” @GreggJarrett  “Comey’s claim that these were just his own personal recollections would not..
Just arrived at Camp David!
The Great State of North Carolina has EARLY VOTING for a very important Congressional (Ninth) race. Please vote early (now), or on Election Day, September 10th, for Dan Bishop, a great guy. His opponent wants Open Borders, Sanctuary Cities &amp, is weak on Crime, Military &amp, Vets!
https://t.co/ufd7tsGyAx
This should NEVER happen to another President again! https://t.co/4ynSXVo9e9
"""FALLOUT FROM IG'S SCATHING COMEY REPORT"" https://t.co/NrpeBkPbww"
"“One of the most disgraceful examples of an abuse of power by a government official...when you read this report...this is a systematic effort to go after Candidate Trump, President Elect-Trump, and President Trump....you could virtually call this an attempted coup."" @RepPeteKing https://t.co/eThclvr5Ke"
The United States of America was not involved in the catastrophic accident during final launch preparations for the Safir SLV Launch at Semnan Launch Site One in Iran. I wish Iran best wishes and good luck in determining what happened at Site One. https://t.co/z0iDj2L0Y3
RT @fema: Prepare today and stay informed as #Dorian approaches. ✅ Follow @Readygov for information on how to prepare and visit https://t...
"RT @NOAASatellites: Watch as the eye of #HurricaneDorian2019 begins to form in this 1-minute visible loop from NOAA's #GOESEast. ""Dangerous..."
If the Fed would cut, we would have one of the biggest Stock Market increases in a long time. Badly run and weak companies are smartly blaming these small Tariffs instead of themselves for bad management...and who can really blame them for doing that? Excuses!
....We don’t have a Tariff problem (we are reigning in bad and/or unfair players), we have a Fed problem. They don’t have a clue!
The Euro is dropping against the Dollar “like crazy,” giving them a big export and manufacturing advantage...and the Fed does NOTHING! Our Dollar is now the strongest in history. Sounds good, doesn’t it? Except to those (manufacturers) that make product for sale outside the U.S.
https://t.co/Ldpr6vjGdp
Bryan Dean Wright, former CIA Officer(Dem): “In 2016 we had a Coup. We have to take Comey and others to task. Makes no sense not to prosecute him. Comey got a book deal. I fear for my Country. He tried to kneecap our duly elected president, and there are no consequences.” @fox&amp,Fs
The fact that James Comey was not prosecuted for the absolutely horrible things he did just shows how fair and reasonable Attorney General Bill Barr is. So many people and experts that I have watched and read would have taken an entirely different course. Comey got Lucky!
The disastrous IG Report on James Comey shows, in the strongest of terms, how unfairly I, and tens of millions of great people who support me, were treated. Our rights and liberties were illegally stripped away by this dishonest fool. We should be given our stolen time back?
RT @MeetThePress: WATCH: Club for Growth president David McIntosh defends his organization's support for President Trump despite the trade...
"RT @MeetThePress: . @chucktodd asks: How could you say Trump is a free-market conservative as he issues tariffs?@DavidMMcintosh: ""What we..."
RT @club4growth: Agreed, @SenTedCruz &amp, @taxreformer. We’re not tired of all this winning. @realdonaldtrump should boost our already winning...
An idea liked by many? https://t.co/Ev9uqa1hoj
General Motors, which was once the Giant of Detroit, is now one of the smallest auto manufacturers there. They moved major plants to China, BEFORE I CAME INTO OFFICE. This was done despite the saving help given them by the USA. Now they should start moving back to America again?
https://t.co/ufd7tsGyAx
RT @NWS: There's an increasing chance for #Dorian to bring a triple-threat of dangers to the Florida east coast...🌊life-threatening storm...
Establishment of the U.S. Space Command! https://t.co/NQkxxw910S
Perhaps never in the history of our Country has someone been more thoroughly disgraced and excoriated than James Comey in the just released Inspector General’s Report. He should be ashamed of himself!
The Farmers are going to be so happy when they see what we are doing for Ethanol, not even including the E-15, year around, which is already done. It will be a giant package, get ready! At the same time I was able to save the small refineries from certain closing. Great for all!
The Economy is doing GREAT, with tremendous upside potential! If the Fed would do what they should, we are a Rocket upward!
The totally inaccurate reporting by Lawrence O’Donnell, for which he has been forced by NBC to apologize, is NO DIFFERENT than the horrible, corrupt and fraudulent Fake News that I (and many millions of GREAT supporters) have had to put up with for years. So bad for the USA!
....for the most ridiculous claim of all, that Russia, Russia, Russia, or Russian oligarchs, co-signed loan documents for me, a guarantee. Totally false, as is virtually everything else he, and much of the rest of the LameStream Media, has said about me for years. ALL APOLOGIZE!
Crazy Lawrence O’Donnell, who has been calling me wrong from even before I announced my run for the Presidency, even being previously forced by NBC to apologize, which he did while crying, for things he said about me &amp, The Apprentice, was again forced to apologize, this time.....
Hurricane Dorian looks like it will be hitting Florida late Sunday night. Be prepared and please follow State and Federal instructions, it will be a very big Hurricane, perhaps one of the biggest!
Puerto Rico is in great shape with Hurricane Dorian taking a largely different route than anticipated. Thank you to FEMA, first responders, and all, for working so hard &amp, being so well prepared. A great result! The bad news, Florida get ready! Storm is building and will be BIG!
RT @GOP: “Look what [@realDonaldTrump] did with Japan at the G7. This is a huge trade agreement he secured with them— agriculture, beef, bu...
RT @mike_pence: During the last Administration the VA was removing Bibles &amp, even banning Christmas carols to be politically correct, but un...
RT @ARmastrangelo: Who won the debate?
There has never been a time in the history of our Country that the Media was so Fraudulent, Fake, or Corrupt! When the “Age of Trump” is looked back on many years from now, I only hope that a big part of my legacy will be the exposing of massive dishonesty in the Fake News!
The  Amazon Washington Post and @CNN just did a Fake Interview on Pardons for Aids on the Wall, and that I didn’t think the Wall on the Southern Border was that important to stop Illegals wanting to come into our Country. WRONG, vitally important. Will make a BIG impact. So bad!
A sad day for the Democrats, Kirsten Gillibrand has dropped out of the Presidential Primary. I’m glad they never found out that she was the one I was really afraid of!
Thank you for the support as we MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/qKgwRMSgcf
Another totally Fake story in the Amazon Washington Post (lobbyist) which states that if my Aides broke the law to build the Wall (which is going up rapidly), I would give them a Pardon. This was made up by the Washington Post only in order to demean and disparage - FAKE NEWS!
The Wall is going up very fast despite total Obstruction by Democrats in Congress, and elsewhere! https://t.co/12tIW3aNQP https://t.co/2nFIEFppho
....And by the way, I’m the best thing that’s ever happened to Puerto Rico!
Puerto Rico is one of the most corrupt places on earth. Their political system is broken and their politicians are either Incompetent or Corrupt. Congress approved Billions of Dollars last time, more than anyplace else has ever gotten, and it is sent to Crooked Pols. No good!....
Our Federal Reserve cannot “mentally” keep up with the competition - other countries. At the G-7 in France, all of the other Leaders were giddy about how low their Interest Costs have gone. Germany is actually “getting paid” to borrow money - ZERO INTEREST PLUS! No Clue Fed!
....I don’t want to Win for myself, I only want to Win for the people. The New @FoxNews is letting millions of GREAT people down! We have to start looking for a new News Outlet. Fox isn’t working for us anymore!
....are all in for the Open Border Socialists (or beyond). Fox hires “give Hillary the questions” @donnabrazile, Juan Williams and low ratings Shep Smith. HOPELESS &amp, CLUELESS! They should go all the way LEFT and I will still find a way to Win - That’s what I do, Win. Too Bad!....
Just watched @FoxNews heavily promoting the Democrats through their DNC Communications Director, spewing out whatever she wanted with zero pushback by anchor, @SandraSmithFox. Terrible considering that Fox couldn’t even land a debate, the Dems give them NOTHING! @CNN &amp, @MSNBC....
Would be very hard for Jeremy Corbyn, the leader of Britain’s Labour Party, to seek a no-confidence vote against New Prime Minister Boris Johnson, especially in light of the fact that Boris is exactly what the U.K. has been looking for, &amp, will prove to be “a great one!” Love U.K.
We are tracking closely tropical storm Dorian as it heads, as usual, to Puerto Rico. FEMA and all others are ready,  and will do a great job. When they do, let them know it, and give them a big Thank You - Not like last time. That includes from the incompetent Mayor of San Juan!
So interesting to read and see all of the free and interesting advice I am getting on China, from people who have tried to handle it before and failed miserably - In fact, they got taken to the cleaners. We are doing very well with China. This has never happened to them before!
“The infestation of bedbugs at The New York Times office” @OANN  was perhaps brought in by lightweight journalist Bret Stephens, a Conservative who does anything that his bosses at the paper tell him to do! He is now quitting Twitter after being called a “bedbug.” Tough guy!
A made up Radical Left Story about Doral bedbugs, but Bret Stephens is loaded up with them! Been calling me wrong for years, along with the few remaining Never Trumpers - All Losers! https://t.co/KlzzMC40Vt
....Another is a one-time BAD Congressman from Illinois who lost in his second term by a landslide, then failed in radio. The third is a man who couldn’t stand up straight while receiving an award. I should be able to take them!
Can you believe it? I’m at 94% approval in the Republican Party, and have Three Stooges running against me. One is “Mr. Appalachian Trail” who was actually in Argentina for bad reasons....
Can you believe it? I’m at 94% approval in the Republican Party, and have Three Stooges running against me. One is “Mr. Appalachian Trail” who was actually in Argentina for bad reasons....
Axios (whatever that is) sat back and said GEEEEE, let’s see, what can we make up today to embarrass the President? Then they said, “why don’t we say he wants to bomb a hurricane, that should do it!” The media in our Country is totally out of control!
They do stories so big on Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren’s crowd sizes, adding many more people than are actually there, and yet my crowds, which are far bigger, get no coverage at all. Fake News!
It is amazing that I can be at 51% with Zogby when the Fake &amp, Corrupt News is almost 100% against me. Great job Mr. President!
The G7 in France was so successful, and yet when I came back and read the Corrupt and Fake News, and watched numerous networks, it was not even recognizable from what actually took place at the Great G7 event!
Looking forward to being with Dan Bishop in two weeks, in North Carolina. His opponent believes in Open Borders and Sanctuary Cities, and won’t protect your Second Amendment! https://t.co/nSX2yuXAb1
.@JudgeJeanine Pirro is following up her #1 Best Seller with another book that is destined to also be #1 – “Radicals, Resistance, and Revenge: The Left's Plot to Remake America.” Out today, go get it!
The Federal Reserve loves watching our manufacturers struggle with their exports to the benefit of other parts of the world. Has anyone looked at what almost all other countries are doing to take advantage of the good old USA? Our Fed has been calling it wrong for too long!
RT @KellyannePolls: Messy. John Kerry’s son cut business ties with Hunter Biden over Ukrainian oil deal https://t.co/HQGYWOrD8q
100% Confirmed! https://t.co/qVsmc9zXk4
Wow! Yet another big storm heading to Puerto Rico. Will it ever end? Congress approved 92 Billion Dollars for Puerto Rico last year, an all time record of its kind for “anywhere.”
The G-7 was a great success for the USA and all. LameStream Media coverage bore NO relationship to what actually happened in France - FAKE NEWS. It was GREAT!
No bedbugs at Doral. The Radical Left Democrats, upon hearing that the perfectly located (for the next G-7) Doral National MIAMI was under consideration for the next G-7, spread that false and nasty rumor. Not nice!
Starting to look good for the highly respected Prime Minister of the Italian Republic, Giuseppe Conte. Represented Italy powerfully at the G-7. Loves his Country greatly &amp, works well with the USA. A very talented man who will hopefully remain Prime Minister!
I have gotten to know President @jairbolsonaro well in our dealings with Brazil. He is working very hard on the Amazon fires and in all respects doing a great job for the people of Brazil - Not easy. He and his country have the full and complete support of the USA!
Starting to look good for the highly respected Prime Minister of the Italian Republic, Giuseppi Conte. Represented Italy powerfully at the G-7. Loves his Country greatly &amp, works well with the USA. A very talented man who will hopefully remain Prime Minister!
Just returned to Washington from France and the very successful G-7, only to find that the Fake News is still trying to perpetuate the phony story that I wanted to use Nuclear weapons to blow up hurricanes before they reach shore. This is so ridiculous, never happened!
Thank you Mark! https://t.co/doRfNAx2Ez
I agree 100%! https://t.co/qteDIrgG9S
THANK YOU FRANCE🇺🇸🇫🇷#G7Biarritz https://t.co/AHaCT7d5eY
https://t.co/bUjFDj2Kcm
Just wrapped up a great meeting with my friend Prime Minister @NarendraModi of India at the #G7Summit in Biarritz, France! https://t.co/q0NOnEcjFO
Very productive meeting with Angela Merkel, the Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany, at the #G7Summit in Biarritz, France! https://t.co/ShhIRLlG9I
Great respect for the fact that President Xi &amp, his Representatives want “calm resolution.” So impressed that they are willing to come out &amp, state the facts so accurately. This is why he is a great leader &amp, representing a great country. Talks are continuing!https://t.co/0sotrd1Mzh
The story by Axios that President Trump wanted to blow up large hurricanes with nuclear weapons prior to reaching shore is ridiculous. I never said this. Just more FAKE NEWS!
Great meeting this morning with President @AlsisiOfficial of Egypt at the Hôtel du Palais in Biarritz, France! #G7Summit https://t.co/zLMcgQtPdR
All Trump Haters and Lovers must watch. Thank you Steve Hilton! https://t.co/QaSkw8IWNz
Thank you Katie! https://t.co/uCXoTFTEGm
.@SteveHiltonx “The Democrats statements about Donald Trump are lies. Here are the Facts.” I will soon be posting the entire segment. Too much positive news, too many good things, to Tweet. PLEASE BE SURE TO WATCH! Thank you Steve Hilton for being a real pro and not being afraid!
Congratulations to Louisiana’s Champions. See you at the White House! https://t.co/Qadi7uD5U4
My Stock Market gains must be judged from the day after the Election, November 9, 2016, where the Market went up big after the win, and because of the win. Had my opponent won, CRASH!
No, we actually had a very good and productive meeting. Nice! https://t.co/aXeUWcPTc1
In France we are all laughing at how knowingly inaccurate the U.S. reporting of events and conversations at the G-7 is. These Leaders, and many others, are getting a major case study of Fake News at it’s finest! They’ve got it all wrong, from Iran, to China Tariffs, to Boris!
RT @JudicialWatch: .@TomFitton on @LouDobbs: “The more we learn about #SpyGate targeting of Trump, the worse it looks for the Obama adminis...
RT @JudicialWatch: JW announced that U.S. District Court Judge ordered the FBI to conduct a search w/in 60 days for records of communicatio...
RT @JudicialWatch: CREDIBLE Evidence Ilhan Omar Married Her Brother--'We're Not Sure Her Last Name is Omar!' WATCH MORE HERE: https://t.co/...
RT @JudicialWatch: Judicial Watch Director of Investigation Chris Farrell joins @SebGorka on America First to discuss the federal court he...
Maria, despite all of their will and energy, it won’t work! https://t.co/qUTkERCfsv
RT @JudicialWatch: Dozens of foreign nationals with shady backgrounds have vanished from the FBI’s radar after the agency brought them to t...
RT @JudicialWatch: Americans need an Intelligence Committee that can be trusted, and Representative #AdamSchiff has proven that he cannot b...
A disgrace! https://t.co/fXss6eixS1
RT @JudicialWatch: A Judicial Watch lawsuit forced the state of California to begin removing more than 1.5 million potentially invalid name...
Great meetings at the @G7 in Biarritz, France! #G7Biarritz https://t.co/OdA4SQxUYf
Thank you Eric. So true! https://t.co/9hhVOp2whc
RT @realDonaldTrump: The question I was asked most today by fellow World Leaders, who think the USA is doing so well and is stronger than e...
USMCA, make it bipartisan. Everybody wants it! https://t.co/lloDwZr4iN
Jesse &amp, Emma, Great News. Congratulations!!!!! https://t.co/ja7iAN1ypO
"RT @WhiteHouse: .@USTradeRep Lighthizer on today's trade announcement: ""It has 3 parts—agriculture, industrial tariffs, and digital trade ...."
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""We have excess corn in various parts of our country with our farmers because China did not do what they said they were goi..."
RT @PressSec: President @realDonaldTrump never stops working on behalf of the American people! 🇺🇸 https://t.co/7sO7Oyo6A9
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""Our relationship with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo and Japan has been, I think, the best it's ever been."" —President @realDon..."
"RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump: ""Thus far, this has been really a great G7. And I want to congratulate France."" #G7Biarritz htt..."
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump met with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson to discuss the special relationship between the United Sta...
Happy Birthday Vince! https://t.co/trOf5Ivmwq
The question I was asked most today by fellow World Leaders, who think the USA is doing so well and is stronger than ever before, happens to be, “Mr. President, why does the American media hate your Country so much? Why are they rooting for it to fail?”
RT @JenniferJJacobs: Who’s 1st leader POTUS chose to sit with for bilat here at #G7 in Biarritz? UK’s new prime minister Boris Johnson. “...
Big Trade Deal just agreed to with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Will be great for our Farmers, Ranchers and more. Really big Corn purchase!
So @donnabrazile gives Crooked Hillary the Questions, and now she’s on @FoxNews!
Rasmussen at 50%. @MediaBuzzFNC &amp, @FoxNews are only getting worse! Now @donnabrazile &amp, others on Fox. Not what it used to be! https://t.co/Uo51Yn5PTX
Happy Birthday Regis, a truly special man!
Happy Birthday Sean! https://t.co/iQgY6RTWST
"RT @WhiteHouse: JUST NOW: President @realDonaldTrump and Prime Minister @AbeShinzo announced a trade deal. ""This is a tremendous deal for..."
Great working breakfast this morning with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson at the Hôtel du Palais in Biarritz, France! #G7Biarritz https://t.co/ISQRFz7kJO
Such False and Inaccurate reporting thus far on the G-7. The Fake News knows this but they can’t help themselves! Leaving now to have breakfast with Boris J.
....bad Economic times, the worse the better, anything to make my Election more difficult to win. Well, we are having very good meetings, the Leaders are getting along very well, and our Country, economically, is doing great - the talk of the world!
Before I arrived in France, the Fake and Disgusting News was saying that relations with the 6 others countries in the G-7 are very tense, and that the two days of meetings will be a disaster. Just like they are trying to force a Recession, they are trying to “will” America into..
The Media is destroying the Free Press! Mark Levin. So True!
Thank you both. Sooo nice! https://t.co/Fo2CLjc9YZ
France and President @EmmanuelMacron have done a really great job thus far with a very important G-7. Lunch with Emmanuel was the best meeting we have yet had. Likewise, evening meeting with World Leaders went very well. Progress being made!
RT @GOP: AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! Thanks to @realDonaldTrump’s pro-growth policies, small businesses are thriving and Americans are...
RT @Scavino45: President @realDonaldTrump and Prime Minister @BorisJohnson catching up with each other tonight in France! #G7Biarritz https...
Our great Economy is the talk of everyone!
France and President @EmanuelMacrone have done a really great job thus far with a very important G-7. Lunch with Emanuel was the best meeting we have yet had. Likewise, evening meeting with World Leaders went very well. Progress being made!
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS are in France for #G7Biarritz! https://t.co/XPAmyb6Orb
North Carolina Governor Cooper Vetoed a Bill that would have required Sheriffs to cooperate with Ice. This is a terrible decision for the great people of North Carolina. He should reverse his decision and get back to the basics of fighting crime!
Looking forward to helping New York City and Governor @andrewcuomo complete the long anticipated, and partially built, Second Avenue Subway. Would be extended to East 125th Street in Harlem. Long in the making, they now have the team that can get it done!
Just had lunch with French President @EmmanuelMacron. Many good things are happening for both of our countries. Big weekend with other world leaders!
“Face It, You Probably Got A Tax Cut!” This was a New York Times headline, and it is very true. If Republicans take back the House, and keep the Senate and Presidency, one of our first acts will be to approve a major middle income Tax Cut! Democrats only want to raise your taxes!
Just had lunch with French President @EmanuelMacrone. Many good things are happening for both of our countries. Big weekend with other world leaders!
....having fun. I was smiling as I looked up and around. The MANY reporters with me were smiling also. They knew the TRUTH...And yet when I saw the reporting, CNN, MSNBC and other Fake News outlets covered it as serious news &amp, me thinking of myself as the Messiah. No more trust!
When I looked up to the sky and jokingly said “I am the chosen one,” at a press conference two days ago, referring to taking on Trade with China, little did I realize that the media would claim that I had a “Messiah complex.” They knew I was kidding, being sarcastic, and just....
For all of the Fake News Reporters that don’t have a clue as to what the law is relative to Presidential powers, China, etc., try looking at the Emergency Economic Powers Act of 1977. Case closed!
Such a sad and pathetic fall for @CNN and Jeff Z! https://t.co/vrivSUlDi3
RT @TVNewsHQ: TV RATINGS: Thursday August 22nd, Fox News had a commanding lead over MSNBC and CNN in total viewers, with the most-watched h...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Andrew McCabe: fired for lying to the FBI, caught by the Inspector General for unauthorized media leaks, and—worst of a...
Other good polls also in fifties, despite only Fake News, and then phony polls by A.P., CNN, NBC and, as always, Fox, who were WAY OFF on 2016 Election! https://t.co/DksmF8hTr7
RT @WhiteHouse: U.S. jobless claims fell even more than expected last week. 👊 https://t.co/H6hKsqfcjD
"RT @WhiteHouse: The Flores agreement is a catch-22—creating ""an enormous incentive for adult migrants to bring kids along, even if the jour..."
Thank you @TuckerCarlson @KimStrassel! https://t.co/kw9oGcRzrt
RT @WhiteHouse: This month, President @realDonaldTrump released a major decision to protect energy workers, maintain our energy dominance,...
Disgraceful! https://t.co/G4q9Uh1aMc
RT @MariaBartiromo: The Fed had the Democrats' back for years: Rep. Gohmert https://t.co/0n0KiCvF3n  @MorningsMaria @FoxBusiness
RT @WhiteHouse: It’s a new dawn for American energy and manufacturing. https://t.co/UXmn6HYYqF
Thank you Ivanka. Really Amazing! https://t.co/97DAfBsdHu
Looking forward to being with great leaders in France! Leaving soon. https://t.co/hUd66sKFU2
Highest Condolences! Thank you V.P. https://t.co/abydDSlDBw
Great going Harris! https://t.co/KuHQC4F1sz
Great! He said MAGA country did it. So terrible! https://t.co/Vw1xQBZjzN
RT @TreasurySpox: U.S. Treasury Designates China as a Currency Manipulator: https://t.co/7OnySGjzH1
RT @JesseBWatters: Thank you!! https://t.co/F8N2BnPCRz
RT @JesseBWatters: Can't miss @rushlimbaugh https://t.co/H687VWIDDi
Thank you to @DiamondandSilk for the really nice words and thoughts on @LouDobbs, tonight hosted by Lou’s friend, @DavidAsmanfox. Great job by all. P.S. Check out these two great women on tour tomorrow night in NYC at the Marriott Marquis Hotel, Broadway. Have fun!
Just spoke with President @JairBolsonaro of Brazil. Our future Trade prospects are very exciting and our relationship is strong, perhaps stronger than ever before. I told him if the United States can help with the Amazon Rainforest fires, we stand ready to assist!
...Additionally, the remaining 300 BILLION DOLLARS of goods and products from China, that was being taxed from September 1st at 10%, will now be taxed at 15%. Thank you for your attention to this matter!
...unfair Trading Relationship. China should not have put new Tariffs on 75 BILLION DOLLARS of United States product (politically motivated!). Starting on October 1st, the 250 BILLION DOLLARS of goods and products from China, currently being taxed at 25%, will be taxed at 30%...
....Sadly, past Administrations have allowed China to get so far ahead of Fair and Balanced Trade that it has become a great burden to the American Taxpayer. As President, I can no longer allow this to happen! In the spirit of achieving Fair Trade, we must Balance this very....
For many years China (and many other countries) has been taking advantage of the United States on Trade, Intellectual Property Theft, and much more. Our Country has been losing HUNDREDS OF BILLIONS OF DOLLARS a year to China, with no end in sight....
The Dow is down 573 points perhaps on the news that Representative Seth Moulton, whoever that may be, has dropped out of the 2020 Presidential Race!
....all deliveries of Fentanyl from China (or anywhere else!). Fentanyl kills 100,000 Americans a year. President Xi said this would stop - it didn’t. Our Economy, because of our gains in the last 2 1/2 years, is MUCH larger than that of China. We will keep it that way!
....your companies HOME and making your products in the USA. I will be responding to China’s Tariffs this afternoon. This is a GREAT opportunity for the United States. Also, I am ordering all carriers, including Fed Ex, Amazon, UPS and the Post Office, to SEARCH FOR &amp, REFUSE,....
....better off without them. The vast amounts of money made and stolen by China from the United States, year after year, for decades, will and must STOP. Our great American companies are hereby ordered to immediately start looking for an alternative to China, including bringing..
Our Country has lost, stupidly, Trillions of Dollars with China over many years. They have stolen our Intellectual Property at a rate of Hundreds of Billions of Dollars a year, &amp, they want to continue. I won’t let that happen! We don’t need China and, frankly, would be far....
....My only question is, who is our bigger enemy, Jay Powell or Chairman Xi?
As usual, the Fed did NOTHING! It is incredible that they can “speak” without knowing or asking what I am doing, which will be announced shortly. We have a very strong dollar and a very weak Fed. I will work “brilliantly” with both, and the U.S. will do great...
....My only question is, who is our bigger enemy, Jay Powel or Chairman Xi?
As usual, the Fed did NOTHING! It is incredible that they can “speak” without knowing or asking what I am doing, which will be announced shortly. We have a very strong dollar and a very weak Fed. I will work “brilliantly” with both, and the U.S. will do great...
Now the Fed can show their stuff!
This despite the Fake News and Polls! https://t.co/DksmF8hTr7
..willing to lose their wealth, or a big part of it, just for the possibility of winning the Election. But it won’t work because I always find a way to win, especially for the people! The greatest political movement in the history of our Country will have another big win in 2020!
...I am hopeful Congress will engage with my Team to pass meaningful legislation that will make a real difference and, most importantly, Save Lives!
The Economy is strong and good, whereas the rest of the world is not doing so well. Despite this the Fake News Media, together with their Partner, the Democrat Party, are working overtime to convince people that we are in, or will soon be going into, a Recession. They are.....
94% Approval Rating within the  Republican Party. Thank you!
RT @Varneyco: Are #Democrats too extreme when it comes to #GunControl? @DavidAsmanfox is joined by @KimStrassel of @WSJ to discuss how gun...
RT @AndrewCMcCarthy: Today is the day: book is out. https://t.co/1w1oZzUrWX
RT @USAmbIsrael: Please read my attached statement with regard to the decision of the Government of Israel to deny entry to BDS activists,...
RT @KimStrassel: I just started reading my copy last night. Fantastic book! https://t.co/ar7IE8G7Hz
RT @KimStrassel: How did a private citizen--Fusion GPS head Glenn Simpson--command so much attention from high-ranking officials? https://...
RT @AndrewCMcCarthy: I don’t get it. Why limit it to the world? Shouldn’t we aspire to more? https://t.co/In30uJX3YQ
RT @KimStrassel: If you watched this week's liberal excesses with anger/frustration, and are worried about the damage the Resistance is doi...
RT @MZHemingway: The Democratic Party Is Becoming Unsalvageable – Tablet Magazine https://t.co/JMjMZOPZLp
RT @MZHemingway: EXCITING NEWS: I've written a book on the Kavanaugh confirmation with the inimitable @JCNSeverino. We interviewed more tha...
RT @TomFitton: Biggest story anti-@realDonaldTrump media is hiding: Obama FBI/DOJ, and State Dept colluded with Bruce Ohr, his wife, and Cl...
RT @SaraCarterDC: Talking about the BREAKING release of Bruce Ohr 302s tonight on @seanhannity with @Jim_Jordan and @jsolomonReports https:...
"RT @TomFitton: BREAKING: FBI 302 reports of Bruce Ohr released to @JudicialWatch. Confirm FBI warned that [Steele?] was ""desperate that @Re..."
RT @Jim_Jordan: Business owners and hard-working Americans tell us every day how great the economy is under President Trump.But now the L...
RT @GOPoversight: “It’s kind of troubling to think some Democrats [are] almost wishing for a recession because they think it helps them pol...
RT @WhiteHouse: Because of you, America is safe. Because of you, America is strong. Because of you, America is free. And because of y...
Happy birthday James! https://t.co/nx5yo7ajTt
RT @VP: Under the #USMCA Utah will have more jobs, more opportunity, and more prosperity. Congress needs to pass the #USMCA for the people...
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""You're one of the all-time greats in the history of sports,"" President @realDonaldTrump told basketball legend Bob Cousy i..."
.@SenCoryGardner has done a fantastic job representing the people of Colorado. He really knows how to win. Strong on Crime, Borders &amp, the 2nd A, Cory fights hard for our Military &amp, Vets. John Hickenlooper is badly damaged after his horrible run for President. Big Primary trouble!
RT @VP: Thank you, Utah! https://t.co/GOvig2ZZ5p
RT @ericbolling: A response to @RashidaTlaib and @IlhanMN regarding our great ally #Israel Share this far and wide so that these two US R...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congratulations to the GREAT Bob Cousy! https://t.co/nNF26OQL6i
RT @WhiteHouse: Bob Cousy is celebrated as one of the greatest players in the history of basketball.Off the court, Cousy fought racism an...
RT @MariaBartiromo: https://t.co/6H0ZF1qZZ1 @MorningsMaria @FoxBusiness
RT @Scavino45: President @realDonaldTrump presents the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation’s highest civilian honor, to legendary @NB...
RT @MariaBartiromo: Another informant the FBI decided to turn on.   Unbelievable.   ⁦@MorningsMaria⁩     ⁦@FoxBusiness⁩ Former Overstock CE...
RT @MariaBartiromo: The economy is poised to continue to expand: Kansas City Fed President https://t.co/MCs8DXQ2yB  @MorningsMaria @FoxBusi...
Congratulations to the GREAT Bob Cousy! https://t.co/nNF26OQL6i
RT @WhiteHouse: Bob Cousy shared a few words as he received the Presidential Medal of Freedom this evening! https://t.co/7jmX9FkWtS
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""Today, it is my privilege to present our Nation's highest civilian honor to a beloved basketball legend and a true America..."
Looking forward to soon being in North Carolina to hold a big rally for wonderful Dan Bishop, who is running for Congress. His opponent wants Open Borders, Sanctuary Cities, and Socialism. He likes the “Squad” more than North Carolina. Dan has my Full and Complete Endorsement!
Check out a FANTASTIC new book, “STILL WINNING – Why America Went All In On Donald Trump-And Why We Must Do It Again” by the great writer, @CharlesHurt. An excellent read. Thank you!
Just concluded a very good meeting on preventing Mass Shootings. Talks are ongoing w/ both Republicans &amp, Democrats. We are likewise engaging with lawful gun owners, survivors, grieving family members, law enforcement, the NRA, mental health professionals, and school officials...
Just heard that Sean Spicer will be on “Dancing with the Stars.” He will do great. A terrific person who loves our Country dearly!
The Economy is doing really well. The Federal Reserve can easily make it Record Setting! The question is being asked, why are we paying much more in interest than Germany and certain other countries? Be early (for a change), not late. Let America win big, rather than just win!
Germany sells 30 year bonds offering negative yields. Germany competes with the USA. Our Federal Reserve does not allow us to do what we must do. They put us at a disadvantage against our competition. Strong Dollar, No Inflation! They move like quicksand. Fight or go home!
Thank you @RealWayneRoot! https://t.co/CqjtFbnMVY
It was my honor to sign a Presidential Memorandum facilitating the cancellation of student loan debt for 25K of our most severely disabled Veterans. With today’s order, we express the everlasting love &amp, loyalty of a truly grateful Nation. God bless our Vets, &amp, God Bless America! https://t.co/MMMsX3RDQM
Great! @LouDobbs interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P.M.  @FoxNews
....that when this Administration’s alternative is no longer available, California will squeeze them to a point of business ruin. Only reason California is now talking to them is because the Feds are giving a far better alternative, which is much better for consumers!
Henry Ford would be very disappointed if he saw his modern-day descendants wanting to build a much more expensive car, that is far less safe and doesn’t work as well, because execs don’t want to fight California regulators. Car companies should know....
The Legendary Henry Ford and Alfred P. Sloan, the Founders of Ford Motor Company and General Motors, are “rolling over” at the weakness of current car company executives willing to spend more money on a car that is not as safe or good, and cost $3,000 more to consumers. Crazy!
“Tax cuts, deregulation, and an Administration dedicated to growing business have allowed the U.S. economy to flourish. The resulting surge in job creation and record low unemployment has put the American worker in the driver’s seat.“ @SecretaryRoss https://t.co/nN2bhDycq5
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump is directing @usedgov to eliminate all federal student loan debt owed by American veterans who a...
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump joined @AMVETSHQ to celebrate 75 years of love, loyalty, and lifelong service to veterans and th...
.@NATO, very unfair to the United States! https://t.co/YIgmTkpScU
....Because of me, these countries have agreed to pay ONE HUNDRED BILLION DOLLARS more - but still way short of what they should pay for the incredible military protection provided. Sorry!
For the record, Denmark is only at 1.35% of GDP for NATO spending. They are a wealthy country and should be at 2%. We protect Europe and yet, only 8 of the 28 NATO countries are at the 2% mark. The United States is at a much, much higher level than that....
On my way to the Great Commonwealth of Kentucky to deliver remarks at the @AMVETSHQ 75th Annual National Convention. Look forward to being with all of my friends! #AMVETS75th https://t.co/088PYGlFnu
....WHERE IS THE FEDERAL RESERVE?
So Germany is paying Zero interest and is actually being paid to borrow money, while the U.S., a far stronger and more important credit, is paying interest and just stopped (I hope!) Quantitative Tightening. Strongest Dollar in History, very tough on exports. No Inflation!.....
My proposal to the politically correct Automobile Companies would lower the average price of a car to consumers by more than $3000, while at the same time making the cars substantially safer. Engines would run smoother. Very little impact on the environment! Foolish executives!
.....We are competing with many countries that have a far lower interest rate, and we should be lower than them. Yesterday, “highest Dollar in U.S.History.” No inflation. Wake up Federal Reserve. Such growth potential, almost like never before!
Doing great with China and other Trade Deals. The only problem we have is Jay Powell and the Fed. He’s like a golfer who can’t putt, has no touch. Big U.S. growth if he does the right thing, BIG CUT - but don’t count on him! So far he has called it wrong, and only let us down....
The Fake News LameStream Media is doing everything possible the “create” a U.S. recession, even though the numbers &amp, facts are working totally in the opposite direction. They would be willing to hurt many people, but that doesn’t matter to them. Our Economy is sooo strong, sorry!
“The speed bump has been missteps by the Federal Reserve.” @cvpayne  @foxandfriends  So true!
“The speed bump has been missteps by the Federal Reserve.” @CharlesPayne2nd  @foxandfriends  So true!
Rep Tlaib wants to cut off aid to Israel. This is the new face the of Democrat Party? Read the AOC PLUS 3 statements on their hatred of Jews and Israel. Check out Rep. Omar (the great people of Minnesota won’t stand for this).
Brandon Judd, President, National Border Patrol Council. “This will effectively end Catch and Release and curb illegal entries.”
.....all Jews, Blacks, Gays, everyone. And importantly, he’s good for everyone in America who wants a job.” Wow!  @newsmax  @foxandfriends @OANN
....like he’s the King of Israel. They love him like he is the second coming of God...But American Jews don’t know him or like him. They don’t even know what they’re doing or saying anymore. It makes no sense! But that’s OK, if he keeps doing what he’s doing, he’s good for.....
“Thank you to Wayne Allyn Root for the very nice words. “President Trump is the greatest President for Jews and for Israel in the history of the world, not just America, he is the best President for Israel in the history of the world...and the Jewish people in Israel love him....
....The Prime Minister was able to save a great deal of expense and effort for both the United States and Denmark by being so direct. I thank her for that and look forward to rescheduling sometime in the future!
Denmark is a very special country with incredible people, but based on Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen’s comments, that she would have no interest in discussing the purchase of Greenland, I will be postponing our meeting scheduled in two weeks for another time....
CONGRATULATIONS @EricTrump and @LaraLeaTrump, on the birth of Carolina Dorothy Trump. So proud! https://t.co/eSIrFz0zmR
https://t.co/WyGbgUGEhJ
RT @FullMeasureNews: Sunday on Full Measure: Claims of media bias aren’t new, but they are heightened. What will this mean for the 2020 ele...
Sorry, I don’t buy Rep. Tlaib’s tears. I have watched her violence, craziness and, most importantly, WORDS, for far too long. Now tears? She hates Israel and all Jewish people. She is an anti-Semite. She and her 3 friends are the new face of the Democrat Party. Live with it!
The LameStream Media is far beyond Fake News, they are treading in very dangerous territory! https://t.co/J60JgSFhcx
Thank you! https://t.co/LANNJ7IfEl
RT @GOPChairwoman: .@realDonaldTrump puts Americans first and it’s paying off:*85% of blue-collar workers say their lives are headed in t...
RT @GOPChairwoman: Since @realDonaldTrump was elected:*6M+ new jobs, over half for women*500K manufacturing jobs created*Record-low u...
Just another disgruntled former employee who got fired for gross incompetence! https://t.co/63VhfqQwhx
RT @parscale: .@MSNBC giddily talked about a recession this morning and even said a recession would be OK! The liberal media is so deranged...
Ratings are way down, lost all credibility. Beautiful to watch! https://t.co/wO9npDQ2Ys
RT @GeraldoRivera: Haha https://t.co/n09vbNGkH7
RT @VP: Traveling to the great state of Michigan with @SecretaryCarson to address the @deteconomicclub about how President @realDonaldTrump...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Wow, Report Just Out! Google manipulated from 2.6 million to 16 million votes for Hillary Clinton in 2016 Election! Th...
Thank you Mike! https://t.co/FBcd2OHS6G
RT @VP: Since election day, businesses large and small have created more than 6.2 MILLION jobs and the unemployment rate is at a 50-year lo...
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""Foreign individuals should not be allowed to come to America in order to take advantage of its welfare programs⁠,"" the Was..."
Two incredible people. I can’t believe they’re not working (few work harder)! https://t.co/tsh8KDS8Qs
RT @WhiteHouse: Wall construction is underway near Otay Mesa, California! 👷 https://t.co/45C0tu3WxT
The Fake and Corrupt Media is sooo bad for our Country, The Enemy of the People! https://t.co/GPiklem0u1
RT @realDonaldTrump: THANK YOU! #MAGA https://t.co/hFkXxB18Ra
RT @VP: The average household has seen their income go up by more than $5,000, wages are rising at their fastest pace in an almost decade—a...
RT @VP: Under @POTUS’ leadership, the auto  industry is roaring back in MI! This year alone, GM announced it will add 400 jobs, Ford has an...
"RT @WhiteHouse: For years, ""anti-business policies squeezed corporations and left American workers out of the economic recovery,"" @Secretar..."
Congratulations, Great Show! https://t.co/RrdFQuk99M
RT @realDonaldTrump: I promise not to do this to Greenland! https://t.co/03DdyVU6HA
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you to my great supporters at the 2019 @IowaStateFair! https://t.co/83qspei4TP
RT @SecretaryRoss: Because of @realDonaldTrump's policies, American companies and their workers are succeeding together.
Nobody ever heard of this dope until he met me. He only lasted 11 days! https://t.co/RzX3zjXzga
I promise not to do this to Greenland! https://t.co/03DdyVU6HA
Thank you to my great supporters at the 2019 @IowaStateFair! https://t.co/83qspei4TP
Great discussion with Prime Minister @BorisJohnson today. We talked about Brexit and how we can move rapidly on a US-UK free trade deal. I look forward to meeting with Boris this weekend, at the @G7, in France!
Spoke to my two good friends, Prime Minister Modi of India, and Prime Minister Khan of Pakistan, regarding Trade, Strategic Partnerships and, most importantly, for India and Pakistan to work towards reducing tensions in Kashmir. A tough situation, but good conversations!
THANK YOU! #MAGA https://t.co/hFkXxB18Ra
Massive overflow crowds in New Hampshire last week. Couldn’t get into packed SNHU Arena. Fake and Corrupt News would like you to believe otherwise. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/CUIYMvMQFv
Wow, Report Just Out! Google manipulated from 2.6 million to 16 million votes for Hillary Clinton in 2016 Election! This was put out by a Clinton supporter, not a Trump Supporter! Google should be sued. My victory was even bigger than thought! @JudicialWatch
.....The Fed Rate, over a fairly short period of time, should be reduced by at least 100 basis points, with perhaps some quantitative easing as well. If that happened, our Economy would be even better, and the World Economy would be greatly and quickly enhanced-good for everyone!
Our Economy is very strong, despite the horrendous lack of vision by Jay Powell and the Fed, but the Democrats are trying to “will” the Economy to be bad for purposes of the 2020 Election.  Very Selfish! Our dollar is so strong that it is sadly hurting other parts of the world...
Democrats want Open Borders and Crime! So dangerous for our Country. But we are building a big, beautiful, NEW Wall! I will protect America, the Dems don’t know where to start! https://t.co/D0APaAxvVm
....got fired. Wrote a very nice book about me just recently. Now the book is a lie? Said his wife was driving him crazy, “something big” was happening with her. Getting divorced. He was a mental wreck. We didn’t want him around. Now Fake News puts him on like he was my buddy!
Anthony Scaramucci is a highly unstable “nut job” who was with other candidates in the primary who got shellacked, &amp, then unfortunately wheedled his way into my campaign. I barely knew him until his 11 days of gross incompetence-made a fool of himself, bad on TV. Abused staff,...
Great cohesion inside the Republican Party, the best I have ever seen. Despite all of the Fake News, my Poll Numbers are great. New internal polls show them to be the strongest we’ve had so far! Think what they’d be if I got fair media coverage!
....got fired. Wrote a very nice book about me just recently. Now the book is a lie? Said his wife was driving him crazy, “something big” was happening with her. Getting divorced. He was a mental wreck. We didn’t want him around. Now Fake News puts him on like he was my buddy!
RT @Lrihendry: @realDonaldTrump They are eaten alive by hate for our President &amp, his voters! They care more about illegal immigrants than...
Anthony Scaramucci is a highly unstable “nut job” who was with other candidates in the primary who got shellaced, and then unfortunately wheedled his way into my campaign. I barely knew him until his 11 days of gross incompetence-made a fool of himself, bad on TV. Abused staff,..
RT @RealOmarNavarro: I love @realDonaldTrump. He’s the only President in my lifetime who stands for our country.
RT @OliverMcGee: Retweet @POTUS isn't RACIST when @Prince wrote @realDonaldTrump Black Version! 😆Donald Trump: Black VersionMaybe that's...
RT @OliverMcGee: Retweet The Lies, False Facts &amp, Fake News of @CNN's @Acosta on @POTUS!Raise Your Hand if you LOVE @realDonaldTrump has S...
RT @OliverMcGee: Wow. Throwback to when Senator Barack Obama agreed with @realDonaldTrump on immigration! RT this so your friends see this!...
RT @TVNewsHQ: WATCH: “MSNBC is rewarding hate-filled conspiracy theorists with air time because their Trump Derangement Syndrome demands it...
RT @MariaBartiromo: Trump rarely uses racial categories. It is the media and Democratic leaders who routinely issue race-based denunciation...
The New York Times will be out of business soon after I leave office, hopefully in 6 years. They have Zero credibility and are losing a fortune, even now, especially after their massive unfunded liability. I’m fairly certain they’ll endorse me just to keep it all going!
Thank you @TedCruz, I couldn’t agree more! https://t.co/MGq0xXin0s
House Democrats want to take action against Israel because it is fighting back against two (maybe four) people that have said unthinkably bad things about it &amp, the Israeli people. Dems have such disdain for Israel! What happened? AOC Plus 4 is the new face of the Democrat Party!
Our economy is the best in the world, by far. Lowest unemployment ever within almost all categories. Poised for big growth after trade deals are completed. Import prices down, China eating Tariffs. Helping targeted Farmers from big Tariff money coming in. Great future for USA!
Juan Williams at @FoxNews is so pathetic, and yet when he met me in the Fox Building lobby, he couldn’t have been nicer as he asked me to take a picture of him and me for his family. Yet he is always nasty and wrong!
RT @MariaBartiromo: Lindsey Graham on IG investigation into Russia probe: I want the American people to see what happened https://t.co/gM0y...
RT @MariaBartiromo: .@LindseyGrahamSC Sen. Graham: The dream of every leftist is to have a liberal court enacting laws from the bench https...
RT @CLewandowski_: Lewandowski on potential NH Senate run: If I run, 'I'm going to win' | TheHill https://t.co/NSsEvmtNgR
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
With all that this Administration has accomplished, think what my Poll Numbers would be if we had an honest Media, which we do not!
.....”Journalism” has reached a new low in the history of our Country. It is nothing more than an evil propaganda machine for the Democrat Party. The reporting is so false, biased and evil that it has now become a very sick joke...But the public is aware! #CROOKEDJOURNALISM
The Failing New York Times, in one of the most devastating portrayals of bad journalism in history, got caught by a leaker that they are shifting  from their Phony Russian Collusion Narrative (the Mueller Report &amp, his testimony were a total disaster), to a Racism Witch Hunt.....
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/JDS4zVfyBe
RT @SharylAttkisson: I read that Trump rally was rambling/half-empty. I also read the opposite. I like to watch candidates' rallies myself...
"RT @FullMeasureNews: Coming up this Sunday on Full Measure - the media's ""huge credibility problem"" #mediamiss https://t.co/3f1YiFarg6"
RT @cleared37Joseph: SAVED 🇺🇸&amp,🌍Peace &amp, Prosperity @realDonaldTrump OUR / WE🇺🇸45th 🇺🇸@POTUS W/ @FLOTUS &amp, Family Sacrificed Wealth Health Saf...
RT @FullMeasureNews: Sunday on Full Measure: Claims of media bias aren’t new, but they are heightened. What will this mean for the 2020 ele...
Such a disgrace at the once great @nytimes! https://t.co/UKjP6AU0hz
RT @steph93065: In 2016, Trump voters were DeplorableIn 2017, Trump voters were RussiansIn 2018, Trump voters were NazisIn 2019, Trum...
RT @thebradfordfile: America --Get ready for a campaign the likes of which has never been seen in American history. President @realDona...
RT @dbongino: Everywhere the group ANTIFA (Anti-First Amendment) goes, violence and chaos follows. This is a violent, anti-civil liberties,...
RT @charliekirk11: Do the math:At the most, the Wall will cost $20 billionIllegals cost US taxpayers $165 billion a year
RT @ChristieC733: I’m hearing some Republicans, pundits say we should “move on” from the #MullerReport in order to heal the nation...I di...
RT @ByronYork: Question raised by leaked New York Times transcript, plus rollout of 1619 project: Should the public still view the Times as...
RT @JTP236: @CLewandowski_ It was a GREAT rally!! The energy Trump brought was ELECTRIC! Felt like i was at a Beatles concert!! Love my Pre...
RT @TopDogB24: @CLewandowski_ @realDonaldTrump the best President in history!
RT @NewSchug: @CLewandowski_ Greatest President in my lifetime!!!
Thank you! https://t.co/tG32CxB1LQ
RT @AZTrumplican: @philochsghost @CLewandowski_ We care because the news would have us think he has no support and that Joe Biden is leadin...
RT @narrow_p: @CLewandowski_ I love this president!
RT @tashlutsa: @CLewandowski_ I was there and it was such an incredible experience!! I was lucky to get all th way to the front 🇺🇸❤️🇺🇸❤️🇺🇸
The Fake News Media HATES to see this! https://t.co/VMgyggOQ3Q
RT @WhiteHouse: Thanks to President @realDonaldTrump, we're the first country with comprehensive legislation on women's leadership in polit...
Thank you to @SaraCarterDC. A great and legitimate reporter, as opposed to those at the Failing New York Times! https://t.co/oM7vEvt9xO
RT @MariaBartiromo: The Justice Department must investigate Glenn Simpson, the head of opposition-research firm Fusion GPS, writes @KimStra...
"RT @TeamTrump: MUST WATCH:Massive overflow crowd outside of @realDonaldTrump's rally in New Hampshire chants ""Four More Years!"" &amp, ""USA!""..."
RT @TeamTrump: From Daily Mail:NH fire marshal: @realDonaldTrump DID smash Elton John’s arena attendance record https://t.co/COr06HUrrw
Major consideration is being given to naming ANTIFA an “ORGANIZATION OF TERROR.” Portland is being watched very closely. Hopefully the Mayor will be able to properly do his job!
RT @DanScavino: Soooo much love in Ocean City, Maryland! ThankU! #KAG2020🇺🇸 https://t.co/TnJt34ANiK
Biggest crowd EVER, according to Arena people. Thousands outside trying to get in. Place was packed! Radical Left Dems &amp, their Partner, LameStream Media, saying Arena empty. Check out pictures. Fake News. The Enemy of the People! https://t.co/KkZWspM93a
Look at the tremendous overflow at packed arena in New Hampshire last night. Sorry we couldn’t get you in, will be back soon! https://t.co/Rvd2TeJrpo
Great time in New Hampshire last night. Placed was maxed out, totally packed, with thousands coming to the arena floor at start. Thousands more outside that were not allowed in per code. Energy was really great to see. We will win New Hampshire in 2020!
Having dinner tonight with Tim Cook of Apple. They will be spending vast sums of money in the U.S. Great!
Just completed a very good meeting on Afghanistan. Many on the opposite side of this 19 year war, and us, are looking to make a deal - if possible!
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/9WNq9PtnFY
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/fJPpaVmLUZ
I donate 100% of my President’s salary, $400,000, back to our Country, and feel very good about it! https://t.co/cX8Op2qyw7
RT @WhiteHouse: American industry is soaring and factory floors across the country are coming back to life, thanks to President @realDonald...
Like it or not, Tlaib and Omar are fast becoming the face of the Democrat Party. Cortez (AOC) is fuming, not happy about this!
Rep. Tlaib wrote a letter to Israeli officials desperately wanting to visit her grandmother. Permission was quickly granted, whereupon Tlaib obnoxiously turned the approval down, a complete setup. The only real winner here is Tlaib’s grandmother. She doesn’t have to see her now!
Israel was very respectful &amp, nice to Rep. Rashida Tlaib, allowing her permission to visit her “grandmother.” As soon as she was granted permission, she grandstanded &amp, loudly proclaimed she would not visit Israel. Could this possibly have been a setup? Israel acted appropriately!
https://t.co/9WNq9PtnFY
Senator Jim Risch of the Great State of Idaho has been an incredible supporter of our Agenda! He is tough on Crime, Strong on Borders, and will continue to fight for our Second Amendment. Jim will never let you down. He has my Full and Complete Endorsement!
Congratulations to Patrick Yoes for his election as National President of the great Fraternal Order of Police. Together we will fight for our incredible Law Enforcement Officers!
Thank you to my good friend Chuck Canterbury for 16 years of service to the Fraternal Order of Police and our great men and women in blue. You are an incredible patriot!
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""Americans can do anything, go anywhere, and outperform anyone. Nobody can beat us. Nothing can stop us because winning..."
A great evening, with incredible people, in New Hampshire! https://t.co/XvqQCgorIW
RT @WhiteHouse: In September 2018, the unemployment rate in New Hampshire reached its LOWEST POINT since 1988 at 2.4—and remained there for...
RT @WhiteHouse: .@CBPArizona agents arrested a previously deported child rapist on Wednesday after he attempted to re-enter the United Stat...
RT @RudyGiuliani: This is more than an hour before and it is as full as a playoff game for a rally for @realDonaldTrump. No one has ever go...
RT @RudyGiuliani: This is a tour de force which is equivalent to Reagan and Clinton but has much bigger audiences and he excites them much...
Great news! Tonight, we broke the all-time attendance record previously held by Elton John at #SNHUArena in Manchester, New Hampshire! https://t.co/GHvFBkA2KZ
Thank you New Hampshire. KEEP AMERICA GREAT! #KAG2020 https://t.co/fbU7YYsYyI
https://t.co/TCg6dLoIya
Walmart, a great indicator as to how the U.S. is doing, just released outstanding numbers. Our Country, unlike others, is doing great! Don’t let the Fake News convince you otherwise.
“If they don’t get this Trade Deal with the U.S. done, China could have it first recession (or worse!) in years. There’s disinvestment in China right now. Also, the Fed is too tight (I agree).” Steve Moore, Heritage Foundation
Sadly, much truth to this! https://t.co/KG9HNbyrZh
.@JaySekulow and @RudyGiuliani on @SeanHannity moments ago... https://t.co/Ecz4K3sOwh
RT @RealSaavedra: BREAKING: Alleged cop shooter in Philadelphia is a violent felon with previous gun convictions, was not allowed to own gu...
Andrew, thank you! We will never forgive or forget. https://t.co/giSOLlCckV
RT @WhiteHouse: After @ICEgov recently removed illegal immigrants working at Koch Foods’ plants in Mississippi, Americans are applying for...
Biden doesn’t have a clue! I will solve the China problem. https://t.co/v0sAoVEAoB
The Fake News Media is doing everything they can to crash the economy because they think that will be bad for me and my re-election. The problem they have is that the economy is way too strong and we will soon be winning big on Trade, and everyone knows that, including China!
Representatives Omar and Tlaib are the face of the Democrat Party, and they HATE Israel!
Wow! The Deputy Editor of the Failing New York Times was just demoted. Should have been Fired! Totally biased and inaccurate reporting. The paper is a Fraud, Zero Credibility. Fake News takes another hit, but this time a big one!
Our Great Farmers know how important it is to win on Trade. They will be the big winners!
The United States is now, by far, the Biggest, Strongest and Most Powerful Economy in the World, it is not even close! As others falter, we will only get stronger. Consumers are in the best shape ever, plenty of cash. Business Optimism is at an All Time High!
If President Xi would meet directly and personally with the protesters, there would be a happy and enlightened ending to the Hong Kong problem. I have no doubt! https://t.co/eFxMjgsG1K
RT @realDonaldTrump: Good things were stated on the call with China the other day. They are eating the Tariffs with the devaluation of thei...
RT @realDonaldTrump: ..deferral to December. It actually helps China more than us, but will be reciprocated. Millions of jobs are being los...
It would show great weakness if Israel allowed Rep. Omar and Rep.Tlaib to visit. They hate Israel &amp, all Jewish people, &amp, there is nothing that can be said or done to change their minds. Minnesota and Michigan will have a hard time putting them back in office. They are a disgrace!
The Philadelphia shooter should never have been allowed to be on the streets. He had a long and very dangerous criminal record. Looked like he was having a good time after his capture, and after wounding so many police. Long sentence - must get much tougher on street crime!
....what they were doing. There’s plenty of indication, we don’t have to speculate.” @SteveDoocy “Holy cow, got to read this book.” @ainsleyearhardt “WOW!”  @foxandfriends  A very serious situation. Can never be allowed to happen again! DRAIN THE SWAMP
Go out and get Andrew McCarthy’s new book, “Ball of Collusion.” “Supervision became the investigator, and when they pushed the envelope, there was nobody there to tell them NO. It goes right to the President (Obama). Plenty of information that Obama was informed &amp, knew exactly...
Thank you, and the Wall is under major construction! https://t.co/jRVMxSPJzN
RT @RudyGiuliani: What is going on in Philadelphia explains how dangerous it is to be a police officer. Our prayers are with them, all the...
RT @Lrihendry: Democrats also boycotted Lincoln's inauguration bc he had this radical idea of ending slavery. Let that sink in. #TrumpInaug...
RT @greta: I appreciate the opportunity to interview and learn the Trump Administration strategies and policies towards these serious issue...
Two great entertainers and, more importantly, great people! Check out their show. https://t.co/SGmbEeJuIM
RT @CLewandowski_: New Hampshire Poll: Corey Lewandowski Leads GOP Senate Field https://t.co/OP8bVV9i1E
"RT @seanhannity: RUDY: ""I’ve never had a client that’s been cleared three times. Once is usually enough, twice is ridiculous, three times?!..."
RT @WhiteHouse: Congress must adopt USMCA after its six-week recess, @GlennHamer writes. https://t.co/tcSrGKYlOt
RT @CLewandowski_: Lewandowski joining N.H. Trump rally amid rumors of Senate run. Can’t wait for ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ to come back to NH to...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Two great and loyal friends! https://t.co/Fo2CLjc9YZ
RT @summervilleguy: @greta https://t.co/eHgxKe79pj
"RT @IngrahamAngle: ""There is no evidence that we are in the midst of an epidemic of mass shootings,"" @jamesalanfox, the leading researcher..."
RT @BillOReilly: Without direct evidence, branding the President a white supremacy adherent becomes a cheap piece of political propaganda....
RT @DiamondandSilk: President Trump VS Democrats https://t.co/VWeai38VVl
I know President Xi of China very well. He is a great leader who very much has the respect of his people. He is also a good man in a “tough business.” I have ZERO doubt that if President Xi wants to quickly and humanely solve the Hong Kong problem, he can do it. Personal meeting?
..deferral to December. It actually helps China more than us, but will be reciprocated. Millions of jobs are being lost in China to other non-Tariffed countries. Thousands of companies are leaving. Of course China wants to make a deal. Let them work humanely with Hong Kong first!
Good things were stated on the call with China the other day. They are eating the Tariffs with the devaluation of their currency and “pouring” money into their system. The American consumer is fine with or without the September date, but much good will come from the short.....
RT @parscale: WE MUST ENFORCE OUR LAWS!Both suspects are illegal aliens. One was ordered removed but never left. The other was deported &amp,...
Unlike others, our economy is strong! https://t.co/EvNRzB8GBY
RT @mike_pence: America needs four more years of President @realDonaldTrump and the people of North Carolina agree! https://t.co/b6Kh9kbc1d
..Spread is way too much as other countries say THANK YOU to clueless Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve. Germany, and many others, are playing the game! CRAZY INVERTED YIELD CURVE! We should easily be reaping big Rewards &amp, Gains, but the Fed is holding us back. We will Win!
We are winning, big time, against China. Companies &amp, jobs are fleeing. Prices to us have not gone up, and in some cases, have come down. China is not our problem, though Hong Kong is not helping. Our problem is with the Fed. Raised too much &amp, too fast. Now too slow to cut....
The Great Charles Payne @cvpayne correctly stated that Fed Chair Jay Powell made TWO enormous mistakes. 1. When he said “mid cycle adjustment.” 2. We’re data dependent.  “He did not do the right thing.” I agree (to put it mildly!). @Varneyco
Tremendous amounts of money pouring into the United States. People want safety!
“So far, you’ve had Tariffs imposed on 300 Billion Dollars worth of Chinese products, but you can’t tell me that it has hurt our economy...&amp, it really hasn’t led to any kind of serious rise in prices at the consumer level.” @Varneyco  @FoxBusiness  And we are taking in $Billions!
“The Fed has got to do something! The Fed is the Central Bank of the United States, not the Central Bank of the World.” Mark Grant  @Varneyco  Correct! The Federal Reserve acted far too quickly, and now is very, very late. Too bad, so much to gain on the upside!
Join me tomorrow night in Manchester, New Hampshire at 7:00 P.M. Eastern! #KAG2020 https://t.co/0UViqSlLgd
A fighter and champion, GREAT! https://t.co/8LoTrb6Pdc
Great interview of Ron Vitiello, Former Acting Ice Director, by @JesseBWatters, on @FoxNews, about all of the work that is being (&amp, has been) done on our Southern Border. Thanks Ron, terrific job! Now if only the Democrats would fix the Loopholes &amp, Asylum.
Great day in the incredible Commonwealth of Pennsylvania today, with the amazing energy workers, construction workers, and craft workers who make America run – and who make America PROUD. No one in the world does it better than YOU! https://t.co/jfWGYjzwkm
RT @charliekirk11: Voter fraud is real:Los Angeles county has a registration rate of 112% its adult populationThe entire state of Calif...
RT @dualtech: #VoterFraud is real. We need #VoterID now!! https://t.co/hpgA8OXwVH
No debate on Election Security should go forward without first agreeing that Voter ID (Identification) must play a very strong part in any final agreement. Without Voter ID, it is all so meaningless!
RT @WhiteHouse: The Trump Economy is delivering incredible results for the blue-collar workers who need it most. In case you missed it: h...
RT @KatrinaPierson: Harris thought she was going to a nursing home...Ended up being taken to school. https://t.co/JAqPKjq41y
RT @BillOReilly: Mr. Trump’s statements against illegal immigration, Muslim terrorism, and the economic failure of some third world countri...
Thank you Bill! https://t.co/6TwDUEB7xm
RT @GOPChairwoman: If 2020 Democrats like Biden have their way, they’d eliminate ALL fossil fuels.They want to kill millions of American...
True! Without being stuck at an airport, where CNN buys (at a big price) an uninterested audience, they’ve got nothing going. @CNN is BAD for America! https://t.co/68pehXFHmx
It always happens! When a Conservative does even a fraction of what Chris Cuomo did with his lunatic ranting, raving, &amp, cursing, they get destroyed by the Fake News. But when a Liberal Democrat like Chris Cuomo does it, Republicans immediately come to his defense. We never learn!
RT @ComfortablySmug: @ChrisCuomo Ok Fredo https://t.co/qqfklrp9qe
RT @Surabees: THIS. IS. CNN. @ChrisCuomo https://t.co/TrmMB5oOfs
See you in New Hampshire! https://t.co/NhY0QwRrkd
RT @RichardGrenell: There are 34,000 U.S. troops in Germany protecting Germans and Europeans. I can tell you this: @RolandNelles &amp, @SPIEGEL...
"""THE WITCH HUNT IS OVER!"" @SeanHannity https://t.co/OUoIm4onJt"
RT @GOPChairwoman: 2020 Democrat Julian Castro says he’s “very proud” of his brother’s target list of @realDonaldTrump supporters.Castro...
RT @TishaMosley15: how can a man ( @realDonaldTrump ) provide this type of moment to a family and be considered by the scarecrows of americ...
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: I assume @cnn not available for comment. Imagine their coverage of this if they were a real news organization? https://...
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: 🤣🤣🤣Bill de Blasio draws 15-person crowd in Iowa https://t.co/0W7gvXAXwG
Just leaving. Incredible Complex. JOBS! JOBS! JOBS! https://t.co/culShq7aqi
RT @SecondLady: IN THE NEWS: Whispering Pines will present Christmas tree for ⁦the Vice President’s Residence| WLUK 🌲#Christmas ⁦@VP⁩  http...
RT @seanhannity: *WATCH* https://t.co/q9Hq0MsgGz
RT @TrumpWarRoom: “Who am I then, Fredo?” Cuomo asked during a 2010 radio interview when his brother was considering running for governor....
RT @seanhannity: **BREAKING NOW** https://t.co/5bEf9VBMXC
RT @GOPChairwoman: Kamala Harris isn’t fooling anyone on health care.Here’s one of Iowa’s seniors calling her out for her socialist plan....
RT @DiamondandSilk: Remember when Anna Navarro  referred to Don Jr. as Fredo while filing her nails on the @ChrisCuomo show. I don't rememb...
So terrible! https://t.co/L9lqQIGAUp
RT @JamesOKeefeIII: NYT Executive Editor @DeanBaquet taking heat today for Trump Unity headline. Can he handle? When @Project_Veritas merel...
"RT @JamesOKeefeIII: BREAKING @Project_Veritas: Current Sr. Google Engineer Goes Public on Camera: Tech is ""dangerous,"" ""taking sides"" -- SE..."
RT @AlexandreKrausz: Disturbing video taken in #Shenzhen just across the boarder with #HongKong. Something extraordinarily bad is about hap...
RT @DineshDSouza: We've just had two incendiary mass shootings.In one, the shooter was pro-white supremacy.In the other, the shooter wa...
RT @TeamTrump: Ahead of his trip to Pennsylvania, @realDonaldTrump has achieved energy dominance in America!Meanwhile, 2020 Democrats con...
Put it back up. We are living with a Rigged &amp, Fake Media! https://t.co/ZhanbGCxuX
Just landed in Pennsylvania. Looking forward to making a speech on energy. So important!
Our Intelligence has informed us that the Chinese Government is moving troops to the Border with Hong Kong. Everyone should be calm and safe!
Many are blaming me, and the United States, for the problems going on in Hong Kong. I can’t imagine why?
ALL THE NEWS THAT’S NOT FIT TO PRINT! “The New York Times is no longer the paper we grew up with. It is no longer a news organization. It is now an agenda driven organization out to change the Country (for the worse!).” Michael Goodwin, Highly Respected New York Post Columnist.
As usual, China said they were going to be buying “big” from our great American Farmers. So far they have not done what they said. Maybe this will be different!
Would Chris Cuomo be given a Red Flag for his recent rant? Filthy language and a total loss of control. He shouldn’t be allowed to have any weapon. He’s nuts!
Thank you Steve! https://t.co/4qwvkUTg5t
Through massive devaluation of their currency and pumping vast sums of money into their system, the tens of billions of dollars that the U.S. is receiving is a gift from China. Prices not up, no inflation. Farmers getting more than China would be spending. Fake News won’t report!
I thought Chris was Fredo also. The truth hurts. Totally lost it! Low ratings @CNN https://t.co/yBpGjt4N1T
Thank you John, you are a special guy! https://t.co/yAtCFcNeDL
Curt Schilling, a great pitcher and patriot, is considering a run for Congress in Arizona. Terrific!  @foxandfriends
RT @ARmastrangelo: Jim Jordan: Why didn't you charge Joseph Mifsud for lying to the FBI?Robert Mueller: I can’t get into itThis video i...
"RT @BreitbartNews: The more working class Americans know about ""Medicare for All"" the more they reject it. https://t.co/o5YrNTvkTB"
RT @BreitbartNews: The Trump administration on Monday rolled out some of the broadest changes in decades to enforcement of the landmark End...
RT @GOPChairwoman: 2020 Democrats have been peddling their socialist policies in Iowa while ignoring something that would help all Iowans:...
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump in IowaVS. Mayor @BilldeBlasio in Iowa https://t.co/BN9eaQyJmI
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump is ensuring that non-citizens do not abuse American's public benefits.The Public Charge Rule wi...
The United States is learning much from the failed missile explosion in Russia. We have similar, though more advanced, technology. The Russian “Skyfall” explosion has people worried about the air around the facility, and far beyond. Not good!
"RT @DiamondandSilk: .@DiamondandSilk on @LouDobbs talking about who's really playing the ""Race Card"" https://t.co/y6Wv2ZyK1E"
Two great and loyal friends! https://t.co/Fo2CLjc9YZ
RT @USEmbassyWarsaw: .@USAmbPoland: “Poland meets its 2% of GDP spending obligation towards NATO.  Germany does not.  We would welcome Amer...
RT @ArthurSchwartz: They call it “Thursday” at the Amazon Washington Post.  Washington Post 'embarrassed' over gaffe-filled story needing...
RT @kimguilfoyle: Ambassador @RichardGrenell doesn’t waste his time with PR stunts and he doesn’t have to. President Trump has repeatedly p...
"RT @TrumpWarRoom: ""No battle is over in a minute. If it is, it wasn't worth fighting.” America's great farmers are standing firmly behind @..."
RT @RandPaul: Why is the United States always stuck paying for everyone when prosperous nations don’t pay their fair share? @RichardGrenell...
RT @WhiteHouse: JUST ANNOUNCED: President @realDonaldTrump will enforce a Clinton-era law to ensure that non-citizens do not abuse our publ...
Scaramucci, who like so many others had nothing to do with my Election victory, is only upset that I didn’t want him back in the Administration (where he desperately wanted to be). Also, I seldom had time to return his many calls to me. He just wanted to be on TV!
"RT @marc_lotter: STRONG! ""The American economy is doing very well [under @realDonaldTrump] &amp, wages are up, but we cannot rely on the media..."
RT @TrumpWarRoom: Joe Biden: “Poor kids are just as bright and just as talented as white kids.” https://t.co/YhDSMnoRce
Thank you NEGOP! https://t.co/S5A24nleW8
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump has signed the LEGION Act, allowing the @AmericanLegion to extend benefits to 6 million addition...
RT @GOPChairwoman: America's farmers support @realDonaldTrump! https://t.co/nFSkewSUUM
RT @GOPChairwoman: While 2020 Democrats like Joe Biden threaten to eliminate all fossil fuels and wipe out Michigan’s auto industry, @realD...
Many incredible things are happening right now for our Country. After years of being ripped off by other nations on both Trade Deals and the Military, things are changing fast. Big progress is being made. America is respected again. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
..TV talent. Then, during the 2016 Election, I would watch as Joe Scarborough &amp, his very angry Psycho wife(?) would push Donny to the point of total humiliation. He would never fight back because he wanted to stay on TV, even on a very low rated show, all in the name of ambition!
So funny to watch Little Donny Deutsch on TV with his own failing show. When I did The Apprentice, Donny would call me (along with @ErinBurnett &amp, others) and BEG to be on that VERY successful show. He had the TV “bug” &amp, I would let him come on though he (&amp, Erin) had very little..
.....other than the fact that this Administration has probably done more than any other Administration in its first 2 1/2 years of existence. Anthony, who would do anything to come back in, should remember the only reason he is on TV, and it’s not for being the Mooch!
Anthony Scaramucci, who was quickly terminated (11 days) from a position that he was totally incapable of handling, now seems to do nothing but television as the all time expert on “President Trump.” Like many other so-called television experts, he knows very little about me.....
Joe Biden just said, “We believe in facts, not truth.” Does anybody really believe he is mentally fit to be president? We are “playing” in a very big and complicated world. Joe doesn’t have a clue!
Think how wonderful it is to be able to fight back and show, to so many, how totally dishonest the Fake News Media really is. It may be the most corrupt and disgusting business (almost) there is! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @w_terrence: Died of SUICIDE on 24/7 SUICIDE WATCH ? Yeah right! How does that happen#JefferyEpstein had information on Bill Clinton &amp,...
RT @BreakingNLive: BREAKING: Documents were unsealed yesterday revealing that top Democrats, including Bill Clinton, took private trips to...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Joining @VP condemning Iran’s reported punishment of Mahrokh Kanbari for practicing her Christian beliefs. America ca...
China wants to make a deal so badly. Thousands of companies are leaving because of the Tariffs, they must stem the flow. At the same time China may be hoping for a Democrat to win so they could continue the great ripoff of America, &amp, the theft of hundreds of Billions of $’s!
....cause big disruption by going to Manhattan. Working almost all of the time, including evenings. Don’t have to be in W.H. to do that...And sooo many other false statements. He is right about one thing, though. I will win again in 2020. Otherwise, he pays 95% in taxes!
Got to see, by accident, wacko comedian Bill Maher’s show - So many lies. He said patients in El Paso hospital didn’t want to meet with me. Wrong! Had really great meetings with numerous patients. Said I was on vacation. Wrong! Long planned fix up of W.H., stay here rather than..
Never has the press been more inaccurate, unfair or corrupt! We are not fighting the Democrats, they are easy, we are fighting the seriously dishonest and unhinged Lamestream Media. They have gone totally CRAZY. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
....also a small apology for testing the short range missiles, and that this testing would stop when the exercises end. I look forward to seeing Kim Jong Un in the not too distant future! A nuclear free North Korea will lead to one of the most successful countries in the world!
In a letter to me sent by Kim Jong Un, he stated, very nicely, that he would like to meet and start negotiations as soon as the joint U.S./South Korea joint exercise are over. It was a long letter, much of it complaining about the ridiculous and expensive exercises. It was.....
Maggie Haberman of the Failing @nytimes reported that I was annoyed by the lack of cameras inside the hospitals in Dayton &amp, El Paso, when in fact I was the one who stated, very strongly, that I didn’t want the Fake News inside &amp, told my people NOT to let them in. Fake reporting!
RT @GOPChairwoman: Thanks to the unhinged mob on the left, @realDonaldTrump raised $12M today, $2M more than originally expected.The supp...
....to inflame and cause chaos. They create their own violence, and then try to blame others. They are the true Racists, and are very bad for our Country!
Liberal Hollywood is Racist at the highest level, and with great Anger and Hate! They like to call themselves “Elite,” but they are not Elite. In fact, it is often the people that they so strongly oppose that are actually the Elite. The movie coming out is made in order....
....mentally ill or deranged people. I am the biggest Second Amendment person there is, but we all must work together for the good and safety of our Country. Common sense things can be done that are good for everyone!
Serious discussions are taking place between House and Senate leadership  on meaningful Background Checks. I have also been speaking to the NRA, and others, so that their very strong views can be fully represented and respected. Guns should not be placed in the hands of.....
RT @KTHopkins: Imagine living in a time when a national newspaper revises its front page headline because the lefties can’t handle truth....
RT @KTHopkins: LISTEN to my chat with Maggie Haberman from the failing @NYT‘Why has the failing NYT changed its headline?’ #SoundCloud...
"RT @OliverMcGee: Retweet if you see @IlhanMN GETS A PASS By The Media says @TuckerCarlson!""Media ignores @Ilhan Omar's Tax Fraud with som..."
RT @Jim_Jordan: Border Patrol took us to the border itself, including a boat patrol of the Rio Grande River. We saw Mexican government au...
Rod Blagojevich, the former Governor of Illinois, was sentenced to 14 years in prison. He has served 7 years. Many people have asked that I study the possibility of commuting his sentence in that it was a very severe one. White House staff is continuing the review of this matter.
....career in the military, retiring from the U.S. Navy in 2010. He commanded at every level, including the Naval Special Warfare Command. He has also served as a National Security Fellow at Harvard University. I have no doubt he will do a great job!
I am pleased to inform you that the Honorable Joseph Maguire, current Director of the National Counterterrorism Center, will be named Acting Director of National Intelligence, effective August 15th. Admiral Maguire has a long and distinguished....
....coincides with the retirement of Dan Coats. A new Acting Director of National Intelligence will be named shortly.
Sue Gordon is a great professional with a long and distinguished career. I have gotten to know Sue over the past 2 years and have developed great respect for her. Sue has announced she will be leaving on August 15, which....
....I know Emmanuel means well, as do all others, but nobody speaks for the United States but the United States itself. No one is authorized in any way, shape, or form, to represent us!
Iran is in serious financial trouble. They want desperately to talk to the U.S., but are given mixed signals from all of those purporting to represent us, including President Macron of France....
....in the world, there is nobody even close, but unfortunately the same cannot be said about our Federal Reserve. They have called it wrong at every step of the way, and we are still winning. Can you imagine what would happen if they actually called it right?
....John Deere, our car companies, &amp, others, to compete on a level playing field. With substantial Fed Cuts (there is no inflation) and no quantitative tightening, the dollar will make it possible for our companies to win against any competition. We have the greatest companies...
As your President, one would think that I would be thrilled with our very strong dollar. I am not! The Fed’s high interest rate level, in comparison to other countries, is keeping the dollar high, making it more difficult for our great manufacturers like Caterpillar, Boeing,.....
....I am so amazed that MSNBC &amp, CNN can keep putting on, over and over again, people that have no idea what I am all about, and yet they speak as experts on “Trump.” Same people since long before the 2016 Election, and how did that work out for the Haters and Losers. Not well!
....used currency manipulation to steal our businesses and factories, hurt our jobs, depress our workers’ wages and harm our farmers’ prices. Not anymore!
Just watched a world class loser, Tim O’Brien, who I haven’t seen or spoken to in many years, &amp, knows NOTHING about me except that he wrote a failed hit piece book about me 15 years ago. Fired like a dog from other jobs? Saw him on Lyin’ Brian Williams Trump Slam Show. Bad TV....
My time spent in Dayton and El Paso with some of the greatest people on earth. Thank you for a job well done! https://t.co/TNVDGhxOpo
Incredible afternoon in El Paso, Texas. We love you, and are with you, all the way! https://t.co/pTNhHapx86
The Dems new weapon is actually their old weapon, one which they never cease to use when they are down, or run out of facts, RACISM! They are truly disgusting! They even used it on Nancy Pelosi. I will be putting out a list of all people who have been so (ridiculously) accused!
Leaving El Paso for the White House. What GREAT people I met there and in Dayton, Ohio. The Fake News worked overtime trying to disparage me and the two trips, but it just didn’t work. The love, respect &amp, enthusiasm were there for all to see. They have been through so much. Sad!
I don’t know who Joaquin Castro is other than the lesser brother of a failed presidential candidate (1%) who makes a fool of himself every time he opens his mouth. Joaquin is not the man that his brother is, but his brother, according to most, is not much. Keep fighting Joaquin!
I don’t know who Juaquin Castro is other than the lesser brother of a failed presidential candidate (1%) who makes a fool of himself every time he opens his mouth. Juaquin is not the man that his brother is, but his brother, according to most, is not much. Keep fighting Juaquin!
https://t.co/RCcXfhUwP3
The people I met today in Dayton are the finest anywhere! https://t.co/sBxKZWExcR
We love you Dayton, Ohio! https://t.co/IaCZAdyuzL
Watching Fake News CNN is better than watching Shepard Smith, the lowest rated show on @FoxNews. Actually, whenever possible, I turn to @OANN!
....misrepresenting what took place inside of the hospital. Their news conference after I left for El Paso was a fraud. It bore no resemblance to what took place with those incredible people that I was so lucky to meet and spend time with. They were all amazing!o
Just left Dayton, Ohio, where I met with the Victims &amp, families, Law Enforcement, Medical Staff &amp, First Responders. It was a warm &amp, wonderful visit. Tremendous enthusiasm &amp, even Love. Then I saw failed Presidential Candidate (0%) Sherrod Brown &amp, Mayor Whaley totally.....
RT @Scavino45: President @realDonaldTrump with the incredible medical staff at Miami Valley Hospital in Dayton, Ohio today. Some extremely...
Watching Sleepy Joe Biden making a speech. Sooo Boring! The LameStream Media will die in the ratings and clicks with this guy. It will be over for them, not to mention the fact that our Country will do poorly with him. It will be one big crash, but at least China will be happy!
RT @RepDougCollins: Senate Dems spent months launching false accusations in an attempt to smear #JusticeKavanaugh’s reputation &amp, block his...
Today, we honor all of our Country’s Purple Heart recipients, their loved ones, and our Gold Star Families for their immeasurable sacrifice. These American Patriots represent the unyielding and unmatched strength and determination of the U.S. Armed Forces: https://t.co/EVhPJD5azu https://t.co/fcQMg9JI4q
....terrible thing to watch, especially when things could be taken care of sooo easily. We will WIN anyway, but it would be much easier if the Fed understood, which they don’t, that we are competing against other countries, all of whom want to do well at our expense!
....proud to admit their mistake of acting too fast and tightening too much (and that I was right!). They must Cut Rates bigger and faster, and stop their ridiculous quantitative tightening NOW. Yield curve is at too wide a margin, and no inflation! Incompetence is a.....
“Three more Central Banks cut rates.” Our problem is not China - We are stronger than ever, money is pouring into the U.S. while China is losing companies by the thousands to other countries, and their currency is under siege - Our problem is a Federal Reserve that is too.....
“Meanwhile, the Dayton, Ohio, shooter had a history of supporting political figures like Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren, and ANTIFA.” @OANN  I hope other news outlets will report this as opposed to Fake News. Thank you!
..”This is an astounding development in journalism. I’ve never seen it happen before, I’ve just never seen anything like this! Is that journalism today? I don’t think so!” Mark Penn, Former Clinton Advisor. @TuckerCarlson After 3 years I almost got a good headline from the Times!
RT @KTHopkins: After a man is hacked to death in broad daylight by a Syrian migrant with a samurai sword, Merkel’s media says “differences...
“Trump Urges Unity Vs. Racism,” was the correct description in the first headline by the Failing New York Times, but it was quickly changed to, “Assailing Hate But Not Guns,” after the Radical Left Democrats went absolutely CRAZY! Fake News - That’s what we’re up against...
...Talks have begun to further increase payments to the United States. South Korea is a very wealthy nation that now feels an obligation to contribute to the military defense provided by the United States of America. The relationship between the two countries is a very good one!
South Korea has agreed to pay substantially more money to the United States in order to defend itself from North Korea. Over the past many decades, the U.S. has been paid very little by South Korea, but last year, at the request of President Trump, South Korea paid $990,000,000..
Beto (phony name to indicate Hispanic heritage) O’Rourke, who is embarrassed by my last visit to the Great State of Texas, where I trounced him, and is now even more embarrassed by polling at 1% in the Democrat Primary, should respect the victims &amp, law enforcement - &amp, be quiet!
....Amendment.” John Yoo. @IngrahamAngle  Former Governor Jerry Brown vetoed the same bill in that it was ridiculous and totally unconstitutional. Just more of the record setting Presidential Harassment. Don’t feel badly, New York State is far worse!
“California is trying to meddle with a ballot in order to oppose President Trump, and it’s clearly something California is not allowed to do. It violates the right of the Republican Party, or any party, to choose its leaders under the Free Speech clause, and under the 14th.....
Will be going to Dayton, Ohio and El Paso, Texas, tomorrow to meet with First Responders, Law Enforcement, and some of the victims of the terrible shootings.
...in 2020.” Lou Dobbs stated that this is a fraud on the American public. @peterschweizer stated with certainty that they suppressed negative stories on Hillary Clinton, and boosted negative stories on Donald Trump. All very illegal. We are watching Google very closely!
... are NOT planning to illegally subvert the 2020 Election despite all that has been said to the contrary. It all sounded good until I watched Kevin Cernekee, a Google engineer, say terrible things about what they did in 2016 and that they want to “Make sure that Trump losses...
.@sundarpichai of Google was in the Oval Office working very hard to explain how much he liked me, what a great job the Administration is doing, that Google was not involved with China’s military, that they didn’t help Crooked Hillary over me in the 2016 Election, &amp, that they...
Thank you @JimCramer @CNBC! https://t.co/DW7HDA0WEK
Thank you Mr. Wonderful, I like you too! @kevinolearytv @CNBC https://t.co/8n5qcTVSp2
As they have learned in the last two years, our great American Farmers know that China will not be able to hurt them in that their President has stood with them and done what no other president would do - And I’ll do it again next year if necessary!
Massive amounts of money from China and other parts of the world is pouring into the United States for reasons of safety, investment, and interest rates! We are in a very strong position. Companies are also coming to the U.S. in big numbers. A beautiful thing to watch!
....in 2020.” Lou Dobbs stated that this is a fraud on the American public. @peterschweizer stated with certainty that they suppressed negative stories on Hillary Clinton, and boosted negative stories on Donald Ttump. All very illegal. We are watching Google very closely!
....are NOT planning to illegally subvert the 2020 Election despite all that has been said to the contrary. It all sounded good until I watched Kevin Cernekee, a Google engineer, say terrible things about what they did in 2016 and that they want to “Make sure that Trump losses...
@sundarpichai of Google was in the Oval Office working very hard to explain how much he liked me, what a great job the Administration is doing, that Google was not involved with China’s military, that they didn’t help Crooked Hillary over me in the 2016 Election, and that they...
RT @senatemajldr: As we commemorate #DDay75, let us give thanks for the valiant Allied soldiers who helped turn the tide of the Second Worl...
RT @senatemajldr: My statement regarding President Trump's call for bipartisan, bicameral cooperation following the mass murders in El Paso...
“It’s political season and the election is around the corner. They want to continue to push that racist narrative.” @ainsleyearhardt @foxandfriends  And I am the least racist person. Black, Hispanic and Asian Unemployment is the lowest (BEST) in the history of the United States!
“Did George Bush ever condemn President Obama after Sandy Hook. President Obama had 32 mass shootings during his reign. Not many people said Obama is out of Control. Mass shootings were happening before the President even thought about running for Pres.” @kilmeade @foxandfriends
Thank you @PeterSchweizer! https://t.co/TZxmiouWOm
Check out what @Google is up to for the 2020 election! #KAG2020 https://t.co/roM2WNmUSP
Thank you @LouDobbs and Tom Homan! https://t.co/VC1oNdcLEy
We must honor the sacred memory of those we have lost by acting as ONE PEOPLE. Open wounds cannot heal if we are divided. We must seek real, bipartisan solutions that will truly make America safer and better for all. https://t.co/ADvMn9HZW7
RT @Franklin_Graham: 5 yrs ago today Dr. Kent Brantly arrived at @EmoryUniversity Hospital after contracting the Ebola virus while serving...
Today, I am also directing the Department of Justice to propose legislation ensuring that those who commit hate crimes and mass murders face the DEATH PENALTY - and that this capital punishment be delivered quickly, decisively, and without years of needless delay. https://t.co/BDXdpelK7F
The First Lady and I join all Americans in praying and grieving for the victims, their families, and the survivors. We will stand by their side FOREVER! https://t.co/zOQLvAuXoh
China is intent on continuing to receive the hundreds of Billions of Dollars they have been taking from the U.S. with unfair trade practices and currency manipulation. So one-sided, it should have been stopped many years ago!
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump gives a statement on the tragic shooting in Gilroy, California. https://t.co/pcrH72ctlg
Based on the historic currency manipulation by China, it is now even more obvious to everyone that Americans are not paying for the Tariffs – they are being paid for compliments of China, and the U.S. is taking in tens of Billions of Dollars! China has always....
China dropped the price of their currency to an almost a historic low. It’s called “currency manipulation.” Are you listening Federal Reserve? This is a major violation which will greatly weaken China over time!
RT @ChatByCC: Strong people stand up for themselves—but stronger people stand up for others.Thank you President @realDonaldTrump for stan...
The Media has a big responsibility to life and safety in our Country. Fake News has contributed greatly to the anger and rage that has built up over many years. News coverage has got to start being fair, balanced and unbiased, or these terrible problems will only get worse!
....this legislation with desperately needed immigration reform. We must have something good, if not GREAT, come out of these two tragic events!
We cannot let those killed in El Paso, Texas, and Dayton, Ohio, die in vain. Likewise for those so seriously wounded. We can never forget them, and those many who came before them. Republicans and Democrats must come together and get strong background checks, perhaps marrying....
....The flags at the White House will be lowered today through Thursday, August 8. Melania and I are praying for all those impacted by this unspeakable act of evil!
Today, I authorized the lowering of the flags to half-staff at all Federal Government buildings in honor of the victims of the tragedies in El Paso, Texas, and Dayton, Ohio....
God bless the people of El Paso, Texas. God bless the people of Dayton, Ohio.
God bless the people of El Paso Texas. God bless the people of Dayton, Ohio.
The FBI, local and state law enforcement are working together in El Paso and in Dayton, Ohio. Information is rapidly being accumulated in Dayton. Much has already be learned in El Paso. Law enforcement was very rapid in both instances. Updates will be given throughout the day!
....Melania and I send our heartfelt thoughts and prayers to the great people of Texas.
Today’s shooting in El Paso, Texas, was not only tragic, it was an act of cowardice. I know that I stand with everyone in this Country to condemn today’s hateful act. There are no reasons or excuses that will ever justify killing innocent people....
....Melania and I send our heartfelt thoughts and prayers to the great people of Texas.
Today’s shooting in El Paso, Texas was not only tragic, it was an act of cowardice. I know that I stand with everyone in this Country to condemn today’s hateful act. There are no reasons or excuses that will ever justify killing innocent people....
'God be with you all': Trump pledges full support for El Paso shooting victims as lawmakers also grieve https://t.co/gISsidBeWr via @usatoday
RT @i24NEWS_EN: There is nothing racist about President #Trump's suggesting that those who regularly spew hate at #America might spend thei...
Pastor Scott, a great guy - and tough! https://t.co/tu0u3AxQqp
"RT @PastorDScott: Contrary to what the Left's ""Know Nothing Blacks"" are saying (Tamar Braxton in particular) The President was involved in..."
RT @cvpayne: While the media is fixated on tweets and fear mongering here's are some employment stats for Black American in July.284,000 r...
Fight hard tonight Colby. You are a real Champ! #MAGA https://t.co/dj3JlWQu7i
Terrible shootings in ElPaso, Texas. Reports are very bad, many killed. Working with State and Local authorities, and Law Enforcement. Spoke to Governor to pledge total support of Federal Government. God be with you all!
Things are going along very well with China. They are paying us Tens of Billions of Dollars, made possible by their monetary devaluations and pumping in massive amounts of cash to keep their system going. So far our consumer is paying nothing - and no inflation. No help from Fed!
Countries are coming to us wanting to negotiate REAL trade deals, not the one sided horror show deals made by past administrations. They don’t want to be targeted for Tariffs by the U.S.
RT @KTHopkins: The nipple-height Mayor of Londonistan has NEVER been so unpopular. He has MINUS approval ratings because we are stab-city....
Great working with you John. A big win for our amazing ranchers! https://t.co/m2PjlbTHA9
Nice to see that one of my best pupils is still a giant Trump fan. Steve joined me after I won the primaries, but I loved working with him! https://t.co/jRpmdrGYTB
....John has therefore decided to stay in Congress where he has done such an outstanding job representing the people of Texas, and our Country. I will be announcing my nomination for DNI shortly.
Our great Republican Congressman John Ratcliffe is being treated very unfairly by the LameStream Media. Rather than going through months of slander and libel, I explained to John how miserable it would be for him and his family to deal with these people....
A$AP Rocky released from prison and on his way home to the United States from Sweden. It was a Rocky Week, get home ASAP A$AP!
....Chariman Kim has a great and beautiful vision for his country, and only the United States, with me as President, can make that vision come true. He will do the right thing because he is far too smart not to, and he does not want to disappoint his friend, President Trump!
.....Chairman Kim does not want to disappoint me with a violation of trust, there is far too much for North Korea to gain - the potential as a Country, under Kim Jong Un’s leadership, is unlimited. Also, there is far too much to lose. I may be wrong, but I believe that......
Kim Jong Un and North Korea tested 3 short range missiles over the last number of days. These missiles tests are not a violation of our signed Singapore agreement, nor was there discussion of short range missiles when we shook hands. There may be a United Nations violation, but..
RT @mike_pence: Four more years means more JOBS, more JUDGES, more SUPPORT FOR OUR TROOPS, and four more years of draining the swamp! #MAGA...
Really bad news! The Baltimore house of Elijah Cummings was robbed. Too bad!
THANK YOU OHIO!! #KAG2020 https://t.co/UF6b1sdC4r
I would like to thank two Great Iowa Senators, @ChuckGrassley and @SenJoniErnst - for their support today on the Spending Bill. Their vote, and the vote of other Republicans and Democrats helped get this done in a bipartisan fashion. Thank you all!
Beautiful evening in Cincinnati, Ohio tonight — with GREAT American Patriots! #KAG2020 https://t.co/wDN5B4Gp87
Thank you Cincinnati, Ohio. Together, we are going to KEEP AMERICA GREAT! https://t.co/sKPAW8e8qN
...We look forward to continuing our positive dialogue with China on a comprehensive Trade Deal, and feel that the future between our two countries will be a very bright one!
...during the talks the U.S. will start, on September 1st, putting a small additional Tariff of 10% on the remaining 300 Billion Dollars of goods and products coming from China into our Country. This does not include the 250 Billion Dollars already Tariffed at 25%...
...buy agricultural product from the U.S. in large quantities, but did not do so. Additionally, my friend President Xi said that he would stop the sale of Fentanyl to the United States – this never happened, and many Americans continue to die! Trade talks are continuing, and...
Our representatives have just returned from China where they had constructive talks having to do with a future Trade Deal. We thought we had a deal with China three months ago, but sadly, China decided to re-negotiate the deal prior to signing. More recently, China agreed to...
https://t.co/0Zx9wr3MoP
"""A string of court cases that have been run through the legal system that have hit DEAD ENDS...."" @BillHemmer @AmericaNewsroom https://t.co/lQ7tgKWM9u"
https://t.co/It3T0ANlrs
BIG RALLY tonight in Cincinnati, Ohio. See you there! P.S. Our Country is doing GREAT!
Budget Deal is phenomenal for our Great Military, our Vets, and Jobs, Jobs, Jobs! Two year deal gets us past the Election. Go for it Republicans, there is always plenty of time to CUT!
China, Iran &amp, other foreign countries are looking at the Democrat Candidates and “drooling” over the small prospect that they could be dealing with them in the not too distant future. They would be able to rip off our beloved USA like never before. With President Trump, NO WAY!
Congratulations to Kelly Knight Craft of #Kentucky on her confirmation as United Nations Ambassador. After having served so admirably as Ambassador to Canada, &amp, having done an outstanding job no matter how difficult the task, Kelly will be fantastic at the United Nations. Winner!
...It will soon be time to choose to keep and build upon that prosperity and success, or let it go. We are respected again all around the world. Keep it that way! I said I will never let you down, and I haven’t. We will only grow bigger, better and stronger TOGETHER!
The people on the stage tonight, and last, were not those that will either Make America Great Again or Keep America Great! Our Country now is breaking records in almost every category, from Stock Market to Military to Unemployment. We have prosperity &amp, success like never before..
The cages for kids were built by the Obama Administration in 2014. He had the policy of child separation. I ended it even as I realized that more families would then come to the Border! @CNN
Thank you @MarkLevinShow! https://t.co/j4Y4kjrmdf
RT @USATODAY: Mitch McConnell argues Dem's 'Moscow Mitch' moniker is 'modern-day McCarthyism' https://t.co/1lAyMij6IW https://t.co/1YWXdl3b...
Experts stated that the Fed should not have tightened, and then waited too long to undo their mistake. James Bullard of St. Louis Fed said they waited too long to correct the mistake that they made last December. “Mistake, Powell cut rate and then he started talking.” @LouDobbs
Very low ratings for the Democratic Debate last night — they’re desperate for Trump!
Thank you Bill, say hello to our GREAT VETERANS! https://t.co/toDqIAIQ54
RT @bennyjohnson: We are in a political firestorm over the condition of Baltimore.So what is life really like there?I spoke with resident...
The Radical Left Dems went after me for using the words “drug-infested” concerning Baltimore. Take a look at Elijah C. https://t.co/E08ngbcw3d
“The 99% Get a Bigger Raise” https://t.co/negNLaSwMt
....As usual, Powell let us down, but at least he is ending quantitative tightening, which shouldn’t have started in the first place - no inflation. We are winning anyway, but I am certainly not getting much help from the Federal Reserve!
What the Market wanted to hear from Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve was that this was the beginning of a lengthy and aggressive rate-cutting cycle which would keep pace with China, The European Union and other countries around the world....
....I am very happy for Eddie Gallagher and his family!
....to information that may have been obtained from opposing lawyers and for giving immunity in a totally incompetent fashion. I have directed the Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer &amp, Chief of Naval Operations John Richardson to immediately withdraw and rescind the awards....
The Prosecutors who lost the case against SEAL Eddie Gallagher (who I released from solitary confinement so he could fight his case properly), were ridiculously given a Navy Achievement Medal. Not only did they lose the case, they had difficulty with respect....
....I have directed the Secretary of the Navy Richard Spencer and Chief of Naval Operations John Richardson to immediately withdraw and rescind the awards. I am very happy for Eddie Gallagher and his family!
....Not only did they lose the case, they had difficulty with respect to information that may have been obtained from opposing lawyers and for giving immunity in a totally incompetent fashion....
The Prosecutors who lost the case against SEAL Eddie Gallagher (who I released from solitary confinement so he could fight his case properly), were ridiculously given a Navy Achievement Medal....
....or is he too dumb (stupid} to understand that. No wonder CNN’s ratings (MSNBC’s also) have gone down the tubes - and will stay there until they bring credibility back to the newsroom. Don’t hold your breath!
CNN’s Don Lemon, the dumbest man on television, insinuated last night while asking a debate “question” that I was a racist, when in fact I am “the least racist person in the world.” Perhaps someone should explain to Don that he is supposed to be neutral, unbiased &amp, fair,.....
Lowering drug prices for many Americans - including our great seniors! At my direction, @HHSGov @SecAzar just released a Safe Importation Action Plan. Our Governors will be very happy too! @GovRonDeSantis @GovofCO https://t.co/VIxmZWgYM2
“The lesser of two Socialists is still a Socialist!” Senator John Kennedy of Louisiana
If I hadn’t won the 2016 Election, we would be in a Great Recession/Depression right now. The people I saw on stage last night, &amp, you can add in Sleepy Joe, Harris, &amp, the rest, will lead us into an economic sinkhole the likes of which we have never seen before. With me, only up!
Such a great victory in court yesterday on the Russian Hoax, the greatest political scam in the history of our Country. TREASON! Hopefully, the Attorney Generel of the United States, and all of those working with him, will find out, in great detail, what happened. NEVER AGAIN!!!!
....vindication &amp, exoneration from the Russian, WikiLeaks and every other form of HOAX perpetrated by the DNC, Radical Democrats and others. This is really big “stuff” especially coming from a highly respected judge who was appointed by President Clinton. The Witch Hunt Ends!
Wow! A federal Judge in the Southern District of N.Y. completely dismissed a lawsuit brought by the Democratic National Committee against our historic 2016 campaign for President. The Judge said the DNC case was “entirely divorced” from the facts, yet another total &amp, complete....
https://t.co/sPd4GF6wxu
RT @ThatTrumpGuy: Being suspended from Twitter has me missing incredible videos like this one! HAVE YOU SEEN THIS!?!?!? Thank you @realDona...
Thank you Eric! https://t.co/Cq2w0we6kp
RT @TomiLahren: Police aren't respected because attacking, demonizing and harassing police has been normalized by the media, Democrats, and...
RT @LYNNTHO06607841: @SenSchumer @senatemajldr DEMOCRATS ARE THE ONLY ONES INTERFERING IN OUR ELECTIONS. 🤨 WHY DO YOU THINK THEY SO STRONGL...
Thank you Amy! https://t.co/NiwkdBGVA9
We should immediately pass Voter ID @Voteridplease to insure the safety and sanctity of our voting system. Also, Paper Ballots as backup (old fashioned but true!). Thank you!
Great morning at the Pentagon yesterday. Congratulations to our new Defense Secretary, Mark @EsperDoD! https://t.co/zqtA4XytJA
RT @senatemajldr: I spoke on the Senate floor today about my extensive record of standing up to Russia, election security, and why we won’t...
Great reception in Jamestown by both REPUBLICANS &amp, DEMOCRATS. Respect for our Country’s incredible Heritage. Thank you!
RT @CraigCaplan: Senate failed in three separate attempts to override President Trump's vetoes of resolutions blocking US arms sales to Sau...
RT @IvankaTrump: We are very encouraged that @SenBillCassidy and @SenatorSinema have released the first bipartisan framework for #PaidFamil...
Heading to Jamestown, Virginia. Word is the Democrats will make it as uncomfortable as possible, but that’s ok because today is not about them!
....Don’t watch show, but heard Mika said I asked to preside over their marriage. Not true—does anyone really believe that? They were married by Elijah, King of Baltimore!
Just reminded my staff that Morning Joe &amp, Psycho were with me in my room, at their request, the night I won New Hampshire. Likewise, followed me to other states....
China has lost 5 million jobs and two million manufacturing jobs due to the Trump Tariffs. Trumps got China back on its heels, and the United States is doing great. @AndyPuzder @MariaBartiromo
Senate is working hard on America’s Transportation Infrastructure Act. Will have BIG IMPACT on our highways and roads all across our Nation. Interest strong from Republicans and Democrats. Do I hear the beautiful word, BIPARTISAN? Get it done. I am with you!
....@foxandfriends
Wow! Morning Joe &amp, Psycho ratings have really crashed. Very small audience. People are tired of hearing Fake News delivered with an anger that is not to be believed. Sad, when the show was sane, they helped get me elected. Thanks! Was on all the time. Lost all of its juice!
...to ripoff the USA, even bigger and better than ever before. The problem with them waiting, however, is that if &amp, when I win, the deal that they get will be much tougher than what we are negotiating now...or no deal at all. We have all the cards, our past leaders never got it!
..My team is negotiating with them now, but they always change the deal in the end to their benefit. They should probably wait out our Election to see if we get one of the Democrat stiffs like Sleepy Joe. Then they could make a GREAT deal, like in past 30 years, and continue
China is doing very badly, worst year in 27 - was supposed to start buying our agricultural product now - no signs that they are doing so. That is the problem with China, they just don’t come through. Our Economy has become MUCH larger than the Chinese Economy is last 3 years....
Despite the Democrats wanting very unsafe Open Borders &amp, refusing to change the Loopholes &amp, Asylum, tremendous progress is being made the the Southern Border. We all waited because we assumed the Dems would ultimately be forced to change the horrible Immigration Laws.They didn’t!
Somali refugees arresed in Tucson on way to Egypt. They were in touch with an agent posing as a terrorist. One of them stated, “The best wake up call is Islamic State to get victory or another 9/11.” Get smart people! #MAGA #KAG @foxandfriends
“I don’t know what it’s going to take. A lot of Democratic run cities all over America look like this, it’s not just Baltimore, unfortunately.” Kimberly Klacik, Baltimore journalist  Remember, Vote for Trump, what the h.... do you have to lose? Best unemployment numbers!
Baltimore’s numbers are the worst in the United States on Crime and the Economy. Billions of dollars have been pumped in over the years, but to no avail. The money was stolen or wasted. Ask Elijah Cummings where it went. He should investigate himself with his Oversight Committee!
Elijah Cummings never even went to the Southern Border and then he screams at the very good people who, despite Congresses failure to fix the Loopholes and Asylum, make it work (crossings are way down and the Wall is being built). Even with zero Dem help, Border getting strong!
....She loves our Military and our Vets and protects our Second Amendment. Cindy has my Full and Total Endorsement! #MAGA
Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith is doing a GREAT JOB for the people of Mississippi and fully supports our #MAGA Agenda. Cindy is tough on Crime, Strong on the Border and Illegal Immigration....
Just remember, the Iranians never won a war, but never lost a negotiation!
....He is tough on Crime, Strong on Borders, and will fight for our Second Amendment. Daniel will never let you down. He has my Full and Complete Endorsement!
The Republican Party has a new STAR, his name is Daniel Cameron (@djaycameron), and he is running for Attorney General of the Commonwealth of Kentucky....
It is the 25th Anniversary of a GREAT Organization run by people who truly love our Country, @JudicialWatch. On behalf of all Americans, I thank them! @TomFitton https://t.co/aXv47spgjS
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump signed into law the permanent authorization of the 9/11 Victim Compensation Fund, which provides financial...
....countries that know how to play the game against the U.S. That’s actually why the E.U. was formed....and for China, until now, the U.S. has been “easy pickens.” The Fed has made all of the wrong moves. A small rate cut is not enough, but we will win anyway!
The Democrats lost so BIG today. Their Party is in shambles right now...https://t.co/WDnGSOFzZU
The Fed “raised” way too early and way too much. Their quantitative tightening was another big mistake. While our Country is doing very well, the potential wealth creation that was missed, especially when measured against our debt, is staggering. We are competing with other.....
....even to new heights of success and glory, but not with King Elijah and that crew. When the leaders of Baltimore want to see the City rise again, I am in a very beautiful oval shaped office waiting for your call!
Crazy Bernie Sanders recently equated the City of Baltimore to a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY! Based on that statement, I assume that Bernie must now be labeled a Racist, just as a Republican would if he used that term and standard! The fact is, Baltimore can be brought back, maybe......
The E.U. and China will further lower interest rates and pump money into their systems, making it much easier for their manufacturers to sell product. In the meantime, and with very low inflation, our Fed does nothing - and probably will do very little by comparison. Too bad!
Al Sharpton would always ask me to go to his events. He would say, “it’s a personal favor to me.” Seldom, but sometimes, I would go. It was fine. He came to my office in T.T. during the presidential campaign to apologize for the way he was talking about me. Just a conman at work!
If the Democrats are going to defend the Radical Left “Squad” and King Elijah’s Baltimore Fail, it will be a long road to 2020. The good news for the Dems is that they have the Fake News Media in their pocket!
Baltimore, under the leadership of Elijah Cummings, has the worst Crime Statistics in the Nation. 25 years of all talk, no action! So tired of listening to the same old Bull...Next, Reverend Al will show up to complain &amp, protest. Nothing will get done for the people in need. Sad!
I have known Al for 25 years. Went to fights with him &amp, Don King, always got along well. He “loved Trump!” He would ask me for favors often. Al is a con man, a troublemaker, always looking for a score. Just doing his thing. Must have intimidated Comcast/NBC. Hates Whites &amp, Cops! https://t.co/ZwPZa0FWfN
RT @GeorgePapa19: Message to the house democrats: time to legislate not investigate. The only investigations that should be going on right...
Good luck with the book George, should do well! https://t.co/Rdti0VyFLd
Law Enforcement is at the scene of shootings in Gilroy, California. Reports are that shooter has not yet been apprehended. Be careful and safe!
“The Democrats hate this President so much, they’re forgetting about their duty to secure our Border.” @ThomasHomanICE  @SteveHiltonx Sad but true!
“If the Democrats would have closed the Loopholes two years ago when President Trump asked them to do so, none of this stuff would have happened.” @ThomasHomanICE
....be leaving office on August 15th. I would like to thank Dan for his great service to our Country. The Acting Director will be named shortly.
I am pleased to announce that highly respected Congressman John Ratcliffe of Texas will be nominated by me to be the Director of National Intelligence. A former U.S. Attorney, John will lead and inspire greatness for the Country he loves. Dan Coats, the current Director, will....
Under the Trump Administration, African American unemployment is the lowest (best) in the history of the United States. No President has come close to doing this before! I also created successful Opportunity Zones. Waiting for Nancy and Elijah to say, “Thank you, Mr. President!”
If racist Elijah Cummings would focus more of his energy on helping the good people of his district, and Baltimore itself, perhaps progress could be made in fixing the mess that he has helped to create over many years of incompetent leadership. His radical “oversight” is a joke!
There is nothing racist in stating plainly what most people already know, that Elijah Cummings has done a terrible job for the people of his district, and of Baltimore itself. Dems always play the race card when they are unable to win with facts. Shame!
RT @KTHopkins: Trump: Baltimore is a violent place. (Highest homicide rate in USA /  @BaltimorePolice civilian employee assaulted in stre...
“Elijah Cummings has had his chance to address it (crime &amp, conditions in Baltimore) for decades, and he hasn’t gotten it done.” @PeteHegseth @foxandfriends  How can he get it done when he just wants to use his Oversight Committee to hurt innocent people and divide our Country!
Speaking of failing badly, has anyone seen what is happening to Nancy Pelosi’s district in San Francisco. It is not even recognizeable lately. Something must be done before it is too late. The Dems should stop wasting time on the Witch Hunt Hoax and start focusing on our Country!
....a look, the facts speak far louder than words! The Democrats always play the Race Card, when in fact they have done so little for our Nation’s great African American people. Now, lowest unemployment in U.S. history, and only getting better. Elijah Cummings has failed badly!
Someone please explain to Nancy Pelosi, who was recently called racist by those in her own party, that there is nothing wrong with bringing out the very obvious fact that Congressman Elijah Cummings has done a very poor job for his district and the City of Baltimore. Just take...
“If it weren’t for Donald Trump, we would never know how corrupt these Democrats are, we would never know for sure that there was a Deep State. Now we know it.” @JudgeJeanine
https://t.co/9jgdUE5BF8
The Democrats had nothing...https://t.co/VUIMndS4lZ
The Democrats are still doing the Russians dirty work as they continue to push the fake crime. Media credibility is now shot, Democrat credibility is shot, they’ve wasted over 100 hearings on a Hoax, they’ve done nothing on Infrastructure, drug prices, trade....@JesseBWatters
The real Collusion, the Conspiracy, the Crime, was between the Clinton Campaign, the DNC, Fusion GPS, Christopher Steele.....(and many others including Comey, McCabe, Lisa Page and her lover, Ohr and his wonderful wife, and on and on!). @replouiegohmert
So sad that Elijah Cummings has been able to do so little for the people of Baltimore. Statistically, Baltimore ranks last in almost every major category. Cummings has done nothing but milk Baltimore dry, but the public is getting wise to the bad job that he is doing!
....Robert Mueller’s testimony, and the Mueller Report itself, was a disaster for this illegal Democrat inspired Witch Hunt. It is an embarrassment to the USA that they don’t know how to stop. They can’t help themselves, they are totally lost, they are Clowns!
“One of the biggest things to come out of Mueller’s testimony was the fact that when he was asked, was there ANYTHING that impeded your investigation, the answer was a clear, unequivocal, NO.” Misty Marris  @FoxNews  True, but many other great “exonerating” things came out.....
https://t.co/9fnYIzjKQX
Thank you @GOPLeader! https://t.co/v7sQt7DDWK
Thanks @JudgeJeanine! https://t.co/chj7JPbWo1
.@RepCummings — your district! https://t.co/JV4SF8ykCT
RT @kimKBaltimore: More trash. More concerned residents. People live in the home with the silver van. This is @RepCummings district. This h...
.@RepCummings, why don’t you focus on your district!? https://t.co/F3Ej0Z21PZ
NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION, TOTAL EXONERATION. DEMOCRAT WITCH HUNT!
We gave Nadler and his Trump hating Dems the complete Mueller Report (we didn’t have to), and even Mueller himself, but now that both were a total BUST, they say it wasn’t good enough. Nothing will ever be good enough for them. Witch Hunt!
Elijah Cummings spends all of his time trying to hurt innocent people through “Oversight.” He does NOTHING for his very poor, very dangerous and very badly run district! Take a look.... #BlacksForTrump2020 https://t.co/seNVESZUht
Democrats don’t care about Border Security. They refuse to give the votes necessary to fix the Loopholes and Asylum. Would be so easy! They want Open Borders, which means CRIME,CRIME,CRIME!
Such a big victory of our Country! “Supreme Court approves Trump Administration plan to use Military Funds for the Wall.” @FoxNews  We will be fully reimbursed for this expenditure, over time, by other countries.
The Dems are now coming out of shock from the terrible Mueller performance, and are starting to spin impeachment all over again. How sick &amp, disgusting and bad for our Country are they. What they are doing is so wrong, but they do it anyway. Dems have become the do nothing Party!
The Democrats were trying mightily to revive the badly &amp, irrevocably tarnished Witch Hunt Hoax until Robert Mueller put on the greatest display of ineptitude &amp, incompetence that the Halls of Congress have ever seen. Truth is, he had no facts on his side. Nothing he could do!
Consideration is being given to declaring ANTIFA, the gutless Radical Left Wack Jobs who go around hitting (only non-fighters) people over the heads with baseball bats, a major Organization of Terror (along with MS-13 &amp, others). Would make it easier for police to do their job!
Why is so much money sent to the Elijah Cummings district when it is considered the worst run and most dangerous anywhere in the United States. No human being would want to live there. Where is all this money going? How much is stolen? Investigate this corrupt mess immediately!
....As proven last week during a Congressional tour, the Border is clean, efficient &amp, well run, just very crowded. Cumming District is a disgusting, rat and rodent infested mess. If he spent more time in Baltimore, maybe he could help clean up this very dangerous &amp, filthy place
Rep, Elijah Cummings has been a brutal bully, shouting and screaming at the great men &amp, women of Border Patrol about conditions at the Southern Border, when actually his Baltimore district is FAR WORSE and more dangerous. His district is considered the Worst in the USA......
https://t.co/9jgdUE5BF8
Wow! Big VICTORY on the Wall. The United States Supreme Court overturns lower court injunction, allows Southern Border Wall to proceed. Big WIN for Border Security and the Rule of Law!
https://t.co/nr9bDv3Ktq
“@DHSgov @DHSMcAleenan Puts Guatemalan Migrants on Fast Track Home” https://t.co/SrkbGqsqvv
Great job @ChrisPlanteShow! https://t.co/ouTaP7WdFn
RT @WhiteHouse: Today, President Trump announced a safe third country agreement with Guatemala that will put human smugglers out of busines...
The WTO is BROKEN when the world’s RICHEST countries claim to be developing countries to avoid WTO rules and get special treatment. NO more!!! Today I directed the U.S. Trade Representative to take action so that countries stop CHEATING the system at the expense of the USA!
https://t.co/yoWCQLM8Ad
France just put a digital tax on our great American technology companies. If anybody taxes them, it should be their home Country, the USA. We will announce a substantial reciprocal action on Macron’s foolishness shortly. I’ve always said American wine is better than French wine!
Apple will not be given Tariff waiver, or relief, for Mac Pro parts that are made in China. Make them in the USA, no Tariffs!
Q2 GDP Up 2.1% Not bad considering we have the very heavy weight of the Federal Reserve anchor wrapped around our neck. Almost no inflation. USA is set to Zoom!
Apple will not be given Tariff wavers, or relief, for Mac Pro parts that are made in China. Make them in the USA, no Tariffs!
There may or may not be National Security concerns with regard to Google and their relationship with China. If there is a problem, we will find out about it. I sincerely hope there is not!!!
....the fact that I have gone through a three year vicious Witch Hunt, perpetrated by the Lamestream Media in Collusion with Crooked and the Democrat Party, there can be NO WAY, with the greatest Economy in U.S. history, that I can be losing to the Sleepy One. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
.@FoxNews is at it again. So different from what they used to be during the 2016 Primaries, &amp, before - Proud Warriors! Now new Fox Polls, which have always been terrible to me (they had me losing BIG to Crooked Hillary), have me down to Sleepy Joe. Even considering.....
“Taken for Granted,” a wonderful new book by Gianno Caldwell on how Conservatism can win back the Americans that Liberalism failed, has my full Endorsement!
“Taken for Granted,” a wonderful new book by Gianni Caldwell on how Conservatism can win back the Americans that Liberalism Failed. Full Endorsement!
“Intelligence Community disappointed Mueller didn’t investigate the Steele Dossier.” @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews ...And plenty of other things!
I am pleased to announce the House has passed our budget deal 284-149. Great for our Military and our Vets. A big thank you!
Give A$AP Rocky his FREEDOM. We do so much for Sweden but it doesn’t seem to work the other way around. Sweden should focus on its real crime problem! #FreeRocky
Very disappointed in Prime Minister Stefan Löfven for being unable to act. Sweden has let our African American Community down in the United States. I watched the tapes of A$AP Rocky, and he was being followed and harassed by troublemakers. Treat Americans fairly! #FreeRocky
...What took place was completely unacceptable, and will not be tolerated. Bill de Blasio should act immediately!
We love our Law Enforcement Officers all around this great Country. What took place in NYC with water being tossed on NYPD officers was a total disgrace. It is time for @NYCMayor @BilldeBlasio to STAND UP for those who protect our lives and serve us all so well...
RT @IvankaTrump: Today, is the 1-year anniversary of our #PledgetoAmericasWorkers!!!We have reached 12 MILLION (!!!!) commitments to trai...
Beautiful Welcome Ceremony at the Pentagon this morning for our new Secretary of Defense, Mark @EsperDoD! https://t.co/qYDkjmqnOd
House Republicans should support the TWO YEAR BUDGET AGREEMENT which greatly helps our Military and our Vets. I am totally with you!
Mark Levin on @foxandfriends now! Great guy.
Mark Levin will be on @foxandfriends now! Great guy.
President Trump’s Approval Rating on Economy is at 52%, a 4 point jump. Fox Poll @foxandfriends  Shouldn’t this be at 100%? Best stock market, economy and unemployment numbers ever! Most people working within U.S. ever! Low interest rates, very low inflation! Country doing great!
Fox Poll say best Economy in DECADES!
RT @realDonaldTrump: TRUTH IS A FORCE OF NATURE!
RT @senatemajldr: The agreement between the Administration and Speaker Pelosi continues to fund the military at appropriate levels, contain...
...impeachment, you have a Party of one. It’s over.” @kilmeade  “Nancy said, Jerry, please sit down. Very bad idea. We discovered that after putting so much time &amp, energy into the Mueller Report, it turns out Mueller didn’t know what was in his Report.” @SteveDoocy @foxandfriends
“Yesterday changed everything, it really did clear the President. He wins.” @ainsleyearhardt  “It changed everything in favor of the President, who said all along this investigation is rooted in nothing. Mueller was exposed as being best friends with Comey. Today, you say.....
Appreciate it @LindseyGrahamSC, thank you! https://t.co/cGugEIXNOD
Thank you Rep. @DevinNunes! https://t.co/sifmkN7HDz
Thank you Rep. @Jim_Jordan! https://t.co/w9tF8xur44
Thank you @RepDougCollins! https://t.co/Lwc2ns2mQt
Thank you @GOPLeader McCarthy! https://t.co/0N4AeoRWK9
https://t.co/q5tjNpEzH0
“The Media’s Mueller Meltdown” @JesseBWatters https://t.co/EXdlk45ovU
“Impeachment’s over!”@TerryMoran @ABCPolitics https://t.co/8J9ixCSnZC
Even Michael Moore agrees that the Dems and Mueller blew it! https://t.co/ZFPb50vi4v
“The kind of questions the White House Correspondents were asking is almost like they didn’t see what went on at the hearings!” @JesseBWatters  The hearings were a disaster for Robert Mueller &amp, the Democrats. Nevertheless, the Fake News Media will try to make the best out of it!
TRUTH IS A FORCE OF NATURE!
RT @JaySekulow: THREAD: Statement from Jay Sekulow, Counsel to the President:“This morning’s testimony exposed the troubling deficiencies...
RT @RepDougCollins: Another Democrat theory shot down, and the truth we’ve known for months reaffirmed: https://t.co/vFvNn8MvbL
RT @RepArmstrongND: It's not enough for Mr. Mueller to be able to vouch for his team. Federal recusal law exists for a reason. The interest...
https://t.co/wiOTBHQYt6
"RT @RepMattGaetz: Gaetz: ""Can you state with confidence the Steele dossier was not part of Russia's disinformation campaign?""Mueller: ""Wi..."
RT @Jim_Jordan: Why didn't Mueller charge Joseph Mifsud for lying to the FBI? https://t.co/34E6TSigcM
RT @DanScavino: #MuellerReport #WitchHunt https://t.co/6Mhdrl7rRF
I would like to thank the Democrats for holding this morning’s hearing. Now, after 3 hours, Robert Mueller has to subject himself to #ShiftySchiff - an Embarrassment to our Country!
RT @TheRightMelissa: @realDonaldTrump @KatiePavlich @FoxNews Boom 💥 Jim Jordan just blew the lid off the Hoax as Mueller cowers &amp, refuses t...
RT @TomFitton: @realDonaldTrump @KatiePavlich @FoxNews No collusion. No obstruction, No impeachment. Shut the coup cabal down!
“Mueller was asked whether or not the investigation was impeded in any way, and he said no.” In other words, there was NO OBSTRUCTION. @KatiePavlich @FoxNews
“This has been a disaster for the Democrats and a disaster for the reputation of Robert Mueller.” Chris Wallace @FoxNews
....interview, including the Vice President of the United States!
It has been reported that Robert Mueller is saying that he did not apply and interview for the job of FBI Director (and get turned down) the day before he was wrongfully appointed Special Counsel. Hope he doesn’t say that under oath in that we have numerous witnesses to the...
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION!
....interview, including the Vice President of the United States!
It has been reported that Robert Mueller is saying that he did not apply and interview for the job of FBI Director (and get turned down) the day before he was wrongfully appointed Special Counsel. Hope he doesn’t say that under oath in the we have numerous witnesses to the.....
So why didn’t the highly conflicted Robert Mueller investigate how and why Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted and acid washed 33,000 Emails immediately AFTER getting a SUBPOENA from the United States Congress? She must have GREAT lawyers!
Why didn’t Robert Mueller &amp, his band of 18 Angry Democrats spend any time investigating Crooked Hillary Clinton, Lyin’ &amp, Leakin’ James Comey, Lisa Page and her Psycho lover, Peter S, Andy McCabe, the beautiful Ohr family, Fusion GPS, and many more,  including HIMSELF &amp, Andrew W?
It was NEVER agreed that Robert Mueller could use one of his many Democrat Never Trumper lawyers to sit next to him and help him with his answers. This was specifically NOT agreed to, and I would NEVER have agreed to it. The Greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. history, by far!
So Democrats and others can illegally fabricate a crime, try pinning it on a very innocent President, and when he fights back against this illegal and treasonous attack on our Country, they call It Obstruction? Wrong! Why didn’t Robert Mueller investigate the investigators?
S&amp,P closes at Record High! https://t.co/C5nOXIQ7EJ
So Robert Mueller has now asked for his long time Never Trumper lawyer to sit beside him and help with answers. What’s this all about? His lawyer represented the “basement server guy” who got off free in the Crooked Hillary case. This should NOT be allowed. Rigged Witch Hunt!
The young leaders here today (@TPUSA) are part of a movement unlike anything in the history of our nation. It is a movement about reclaiming YOUR future, rebuilding YOUR Country, restoring YOUR destiny, and renewing the values that are the true source of American GREATNESS! https://t.co/unURpLS8Lc
Congratulations to our new Secretary of Defense, Mark @EsperDoD! https://t.co/aT3D1ZX5KK
Oh well, we still have the great @seanhannity who I hear has a really strong show tonight. 9:00 P.M.
THANK YOU @TPUSA! #MAGA https://t.co/1eqR2Im8dQ
Just watched Rep. Eric Swalwell be asked endless softball questions by @marthamaccallum on @FoxNews about the phony Witch Hunt. He was just forced out of the Democrat Presidential Primary because he polled at ZERO. Fox sure ain’t what it used to be. Too bad!
Just got back only to hear of a last minute change allowing a Never Trumper attorney to help Robert Mueller with his testimony before Congress tomorrow. What a disgrace to our system. Never heard of this before. VERY UNFAIR, SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED. A rigged Witch Hunt!
Budget Deal gives great victories to our Military and Vets, keeps out Democrat poison pill riders. Republicans and Democrats in Congress need to act ASAP and support this deal.
....I got to know him over his many years as Chairman of the Police Athletic League, for which he devoted so much time and energy. Bob Morgenthau, a legend, will be greatly missed!
I was saddened to learn of the recent passing of Bob Morgenthau, a truly great man! Bob served as a Naval Officer in World War II, was an extraordinary US Attorney, Manhattan District Attorney, and always a warrior for our Country that he loved so dearly....
Leaving for Turning Point USA. Will be speaking to some of the greatest and smartest young people on the planet. See you there!
When an old Wall at the Southern Border, that is crumbling and falling over, built in an important section to keep out problems, is replaced with a brand new 30 foot high steel and concrete Wall, the Media says no new Wall has been built. Fake News! Building lots of Wall!
In 2016 I almost won Minnesota. In 2020, because of America hating anti-Semite Rep. Omar, &amp, the fact that Minnesota is having its best economic year ever, I will win the State! “We are going to be a nightmare to the President,” she say. No, AOC Plus 3 are a Nightmare for America!
....Tariffs, Remittance Fees, or all of the above. Guatemala has not been good. Big U.S. taxpayer dollars going to them was cut off by me 9 months ago.
Guatemala, which has been forming Caravans and sending large numbers of people, some with criminal records, to the United States, has decided to break the deal they had with us on signing a necessary Safe Third Agreement. We were ready to go. Now we are looking at the “BAN,”....
Farmers are starting to do great again, after 15 years of a downward spiral. The 16 Billion Dollar China “replacement” money didn’t exactly hurt!
Congratulations to Boris Johnson on becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. He will be great!
....Best and Newest Military (almost totally rebuilt from the depleted military I took over) in History, Best V.A. in History (Choice), and MUCH, MUCH MORE. Gee, let’s impeach the President. The “Squad” (AOC Plus 3) and other Dems suffer from Trump Derangement Syndrome. Crazy!
Newest Poll: Only 11% in favor of starting ridiculous impeachment hearings. Well, let’s see: We have the Best Economy in History, the Best Employment Numbers in History, Most People Working in History, Highest Stock Market in History, Biggest Tax and Regulation Cuts in History,..
“I completely read the entire Mueller Report, and do you know what I concluded after reading both Volume 1 and Volume 2? There is no there there. NO THERE THERE! We completely wasted everybody’s time and taxpayer’s money.” @trish_regan
“I completely read the entire Mueller Report, and do you know what I concluded after reading both Volume 1 and Volume 2? There is no there there. NO THERE THERE! We completely wasted everybody’s time and taxpayer’s money.” @trishregan
https://t.co/GLiV8RGsNj
When we rip down and totally replace a badly broken and dilapidated Barrier on the Southern Border, something which cannot do the job, the Fake News Media gives us zero credit for building a new Wall. We have replaced many miles of old Barrier with powerful new Walls!
....This was a real compromise in order to give another big victory to our Great Military and Vets!
I am pleased to announce that a deal has been struck with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi, and House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy - on a two-year Budget and Debt Ceiling, with no poison pills....
RT @danielledsouzag: Up bright and early on @FoxFriendsFirst discussing Trump’s rally in North Carolina, his latest approval rating at 50%,...
The “Squad” is a very Racist group of troublemakers who are young, inexperienced, and not very smart. They are pulling the once great Democrat Party far left, and were against humanitarian aid at the Border...And are now against ICE and Homeland Security. So bad for our Country!
Going with First Lady to pay our respects to Justice Stevens. Leaving now!
The Report of Iran capturing CIA spies is totally false. Zero truth. Just more lies and propaganda (like their shot down drone) put out by a Religious Regime that is Badly Failing and has no idea what to do. Their Economy is dead, and will get much worse. Iran is a total mess!
....But the questions should be asked, why were all of Clinton’s people given immunity, and why were the text messages of Peter S and his lover, Lisa Page, deleted and destroyed right after they left Mueller, and after we requested them(this is Illegal)?
Highly conflicted Robert Mueller should not be given another bite at the apple. In the end it will be bad for him and the phony Democrats in Congress who have done nothing but waste time on this ridiculous Witch Hunt. Result of the Mueller Report, NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION!...
Fake News Equals the Enemy of the People!
RT @WhiteHouseCEA: The Consumer Price Index (CPI) for prescription drugs decreased 2.0 percent in June from 12 months prior according to th...
The Mainstream Media is out of control. They constantly lie and cheat in order to get their Radical Left Democrat views out their for all to see. It has never been this bad. They have gone bonkers, &amp, no longer care what is right or wrong. This large scale false reporting is sick!
....except for those stated by me, &amp, “reams of paper” were never given to me. It is a made up story meant to demean &amp, belittle. The Post had no sources. The facts remain the same, that we have 4 Radical Left Congresswomen who have said very bad things about Israel &amp, our Country!
The Amazon Washington Post front page story yesterday was total Fake News. They said “Advisors wrote new talking points and handed him reams of opposition research on the four Congresswomen.” Now really, does that sound like me? What advisors, there were no talking points,....
It is far more costly for the Federal Reserve to cut deeper if the economy actually does, in the future, turn down! Very inexpensive, in fact productive,  to move now. The Fed raised &amp, tightened far too much &amp, too fast. In other words, they missed it (Big!). Don’t miss it again!
....as we have done, it could have been soooo much better. Interest rate costs should have been much lower, &amp, GDP &amp, our Country’s wealth accumulation much higher. Such a waste of time &amp, money. Also, very unfair that other countries manipulate their currencies and pump money in!
With almost no inflation, our Country is needlessly being forced to pay a MUCH higher interest rate than other countries only because of a very misguided Federal Reserve. In addition, Quantitative Tightening is continuing, making it harder for our Country to compete. As good.....
https://t.co/1DVvqFQxRK
Thank you very much for revealing the incredible facts, which the Fake News Media will never do! @SteveHiltonx @NextRevFNC https://t.co/SgRnbsh5pT
https://t.co/2lPjfxOKq3
....Based on the comments made by Senator Schumer, he must have seen how dangerous &amp, bad for our Country the Border is. It is not a “manufactured crisis,” as the Fake News Media &amp, their Democrat partners tried to portray. He said he wants to meet. I will set up a meeting ASAP!
Senator Chuck Schumer has finally gone to the Southern Border with some Democrat Senators. This is a GREAT thing! Nearby, he missed a large group of Illegal Immigrants trying to enter the USA illegally. They wildly  rushed Border Patrol. Some Agents were badly injured....
....Most importantly you have led Israel with a commitment to the values of democracy, freedom, and equal opportunity that both our nations cherish and share!
Congratulations to Bibi @Netanyahu on becoming the longest serving PM in the history of Israel. Under your leadership, Israel has become a technology powerhouse and a world class economy....
I don’t believe the four Congresswomen are capable of loving our Country. They should apologize to America (and Israel) for the horrible (hateful) things they have said. They are destroying the Democrat Party, but are weak &amp, insecure people who can never destroy our great Nation!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Presidential Harassment!
The Washington Post Story, about my speech in North Carolina and tweet, with its phony sources who do not exist, is Fake News. The only thing people were talking about is the record setting crowd and the tremendous enthusiasm, far greater than the Democrats. You’ll see in 2020!
Big progress at the Border, but Dems in Congress must change the Immigration Laws for all to be good! End the Loopholes and much more.
RT @GOP: “Women’s issues are American issues.” -@LaraLeaTrump https://t.co/ha9DhzTakM
The Great State of West Virginia is producing record setting numbers and doing really well. When I became President, it was practically shut down and closed for business. Not anymore!
I will help Angel Mom (and great woman) Mary Ann Mendoza with Twitter. I know Mary Ann from the beginning, and she should never be silenced. She is a winner who has lost so much, her child. Twitter, if you’re watching, please do what you have to do, NOW!  @foxandfriends
"RT @TrumpWarRoom: President Trump: ""Look at all those signs, '#WomenForTrump'!"" #TrumpRally https://t.co/WqPbqK88y5"
RT @danielledsouzag: The unemployment rate for women is the lowest it’s been in 50 years under the Trump Administration. Discussing Women f...
RT @JessieJaneDuff: Meet 'The REAL Squad'.We are #WomenForTrump.Women stand with President @realDonaldTrump and nothing will stop @Team...
RT @GOPChairwoman: We're already mobilizing our army of volunteers to recruit, train &amp, register new voters – all to help @realDonaldTrump &amp,...
RT @danielledsouzag: Incredibly honored to be part of the Women for Trump Coalition, which launched this morning in Pennsylvania. My goal i...
RT @danielledsouzag: Our squad is better🇺🇸 @deneenborelli @JessieJaneDuff @mercedesschlapp @kayleighmcenany @CissieGLynch @kimguilfoyle @La...
Economic numbers reach an all time high, the best in our Country’s history. Great to be a part of something so good for so many!
RT @mattgaetz: I stand with @realDonaldTrump!
RT @RepRatcliffe: Great news for Texas in June's unemployment rates report. https://t.co/WZ7JuOiaIu
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Tuesday: Democrats spent all day trying to defend Speaker Pelosi after she violated House floor rulesWednesday: Democ...
https://t.co/aG45A3Ugnp
....Our teams will be talking further, and we agreed to speak again in the next 48 hours!
Just had a very good call with @SwedishPM Stefan Löfven who assured me that American citizen A$AP Rocky will be treated fairly. Likewise, I assured him that A$AP was not a flight risk and offered to personally vouch for his bail, or an alternative....
You can add 10% or 15% to this number. Economy doing better than EVER before! https://t.co/o59vI5tzXn
RT @pulte: Pulte awards President Trump’s retweet Recipient, a Female Combat Veteran and Single Mom, with $30,000 ($20k Brand New Car!) and...
Thank you Bill. Very nice! https://t.co/hTnGiOh6T1
RT @GOPChairwoman: The mainstream media won't cover it nearly enough, but thanks to the #FirstStepAct that @realDonaldTrump signed into law...
RT @GOPLeader: Democrats are dead set on erasing all the economic gains that America has made under President @realDonaldTrump. https://t.c...
RT @RepLaHood: #USMCA will put America in a stronger position globally. Delaying #USMCA further only prevents farmers, manufacturers, and...
RT @GOPLeader: American optimism is at its highest level in more than a decade! https://t.co/1VWu6rtAtP
RT @realDonaldTrump: Just spoke to @KanyeWest about his friend A$AP Rocky’s incarceration. I will be calling the very talented Prime Minist...
As you can see, I did nothing to lead people on, nor was I particularly happy with their chant. Just a very big and patriotic crowd. They love the USA! https://t.co/6IVKEffNnq
With the incompetent Mayor of London, you will never have safe streets! https://t.co/pJqL1NjyvA
RT @KTHopkins: How I wish we had such leadership in the U.K. “Don’t like this country? Don’t like what it gives you? Then leave”Trump d...
RT @KTHopkins: The @realDonaldTrump has made #2020 a bold and binary decision. Are you going to choose socialists, choose ISIS, choose the...
RT @GOP: “I always said I don't think it matters who the nominee on the Democrat side is, because this President is so strong, the economy...
RT @SteveScalise: The Do-Nothing Democrats' agenda this week:→ Let Pelosi violate House rules to harass @realDonaldTrump→ Harass Trump s...
"RT @Jim_Jordan: Democrats are outraged about ""cages"" at border detention facilities. But guess who built EVERY SINGLE ONE: President Obama...."
"RT @Jim_Jordan: James Comey said the Dossier was ""salacious and unverified.""Turns out that was an understatement. It was salacious and co..."
Just spoke to @KanyeWest about his friend A$AP Rocky’s incarceration. I will be calling the very talented Prime Minister of Sweden to see what we can do about helping A$AP Rocky. So many people would like to see this quickly resolved!
RT @mike_pence: When our President stands up to radical Democrats who accuse Border Patrol of running concentration camps, use anti-Semitic...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Think what it would be without the 3 year Witch Hunt and Fake News Media, in partnership with the Democrats! https://t...
RT @realDonaldTrump: So sad to see the Democrats sticking up for people who speak so badly of our Country and who, in addition, hate Israel...
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....and the many terrible things they say about the United States must not be allowed to go unchallenged. If the Democ...
RT @realDonaldTrump: If Democrats want to unite around the foul language &amp, racist hatred spewed from the mouths and actions of these very u...
RT @realDonaldTrump: When will the Radical Left Congresswomen apologize to our Country, the people of Israel and even to the Office of the...
....Fed: There is almost no inflation!
....but it is no thanks to the Federal Reserve. Had they not acted so fast and “so much,” we would be doing even better than we are doing right now. This is our chance to build unparalleled wealth and success for the U.S., GROWTH, which would greatly reduce % debt. Don’t blow it!
I like New York Fed President John Williams first statement much better than his second. His first statement is 100% correct in that the Fed “raised” far too fast &amp, too early. Also must stop with the crazy quantitative tightening. We are in a World competition, &amp, winning big,...
Because of the faulty thought process we have going for us at the Federal Reserve, we pay much higher interest rates than countries that are no match for us economically. In other words, our interest costs are much higher than other countries, when they should be lower. Correct!
....Governor of the State did a good  job. That may be true but she could not have done it without the tremendous economic success of our Country &amp, the turnaround that my Administration has caused. Really Nasty to me in his average I.Q. Columns, kissed my a.. on the call. Phony!
RT @Joy_Villa: This is what the 'new conservative movement' looks like  https://t.co/10b4pnxoNT #FoxBusiness @usminority  @MariaBartiromo
....he could not have been nicer or more respectful to your favorite President, me. Then I saw the column he wrote, “Trump Will Be Re-elected, Won’t He?” He called me a Racist, which I am not, and said Rhode Island went from economically bad to great in 5 years because the.....
Thomas “the Chin” Friedman, a weak and pathetic sort of guy, writes columns for The New York Times in between rounds of his favorite game, golf. Two weeks ago, while speaking to a friend on his cell phone, I unfortunately ended up speaking to Friedman. We spoke for a while and...
....State which I will win in #2020 because they can’t stand her and her hatred of our Country, and they appreciate all that I have done for them (opening up mining and MUCH more) which has led to the best employment &amp, economic year in Minnesota’s long and beautiful history!
....Mainstream Media, which has lost all credibility, has either officially or unofficially become a part of the Radical Left Democrat Party. It is a sick partnership, so pathetic to watch! They even covered a tiny staged crowd as they greeted Foul Mouthed Omar in Minnesota, a...
It is amazing how the Fake News Media became “crazed” over the chant “send her back” by a packed Arena (a record) crowd in the Great State of North Carolina, but is totally calm &amp, accepting of the most vile and disgusting statements made by the three Radical Left Congresswomen...
....State which I will win in #2020 because they can’t stand her and her hatred of our Country, and they appreciate all that I have done for them (opening up mining and MUCH more) which has led to the best employment &amp, economic year in Minnesota’s long and beautiful history!
....Mainstream Media, which has lost all credibility, has either officially or unofficially become a part of the Radical Left Democrat Party. It is a sick partnership, so pathetic to watch! They even covered a tiny staged crowd as they greeted Foul Mouthed Omar in Minnesota, a...
It is amazing how the Fake News Media became “crazed” over the chant “send he back” by a packed Arena (a record) crowd in the Great State of North Carolina, but is totally calm &amp, accepting of the most vile and disgusting statements made by the three Radical Left Congresswomen....
Great new book, “Justice On Trial, The Kavanaugh Confirmation and the Future of the Supreme Court.” Fantastic job by Mollie Hemingway and Carrie Severino!
https://t.co/D7H1Wr1LHy
....working with labor and everyone else. He will be a great member of an Administration that has done more in the first 2 ½ years than perhaps any Administration in history!
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Gene Scalia as the new Secretary of Labor. Gene has led a life of great success in the legal and labor field and is highly respected not only as a lawyer, but as a lawyer with great experience....
Today, @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome members of Team USA to the @WhiteHouse for a great celebration of their success during the 2019 @SpecialOlympics @WorldGamesAD! Congratulations @specialolyUSA! #Cheer4USA https://t.co/m7PcT6N1KO
This should have been taken care of years ago, the Trump Administration is taking care of these thugs now!https://t.co/ulqagIAtxI
Today, on behalf of the American people, I received an American flag that flew aboard a ship carrying the first waves of U.S. Service Members to land in Normandy...https://t.co/f1fLTAj0We
I want to apprise everyone of an incident in the Strait of Hormuz today, involving #USSBoxer, a U.S. Navy amphibious assault ship. The BOXER took defensive action against an Iranian drone.... https://t.co/Zql6nAUGxF
....of gang members, in particular MS-13. ICE and Border Patrol are doing a great job!
"""BOOMERANG OF JUSTICE"" @SeanHannity https://t.co/MUbkCXRpfM"
Most of the MS-13 Gang members indicted &amp, arrested in L.A. were illegal aliens, 19 of 22. They are said to have killed many people in the most brutal fashion. They should never have been allowed in our Country for so long, 10 years. We have arrested and deported thousands....
....of which was squandered away or wasted, never to be seen again. This is more than twice the amount given to Texas &amp, Florida combined. I know the people of Puerto Rico well, and they are great. But much of their leadership is corrupt, &amp, robbing the U.S. Government blind!
A lot of bad things are happening in Puerto Rico. The Governor is under siege, the Mayor of San Juan is a despicable and incompetent person who I wouldn’t trust under any circumstance, and the United States Congress foolishly gave 92 Billion Dollars for hurricane relief, much....
Most of the MS-13 Gang members indictedand &amp, arrested in L.A. were illegal aliens, 19 of 22. They are said to have killed many people in the most brutal fashion. They should never have been allowed in our Country for so long, 10 years. We have arrested and deported thousands.....
Just returned to the White House from the Great State of North Carolina. What a crowd, and what great people. The enthusiasm blows away our rivals on the Radical Left. #2020 will be a big year for the Republican Party!
The Republican Party is the Party for ALL Americans. We are the Party of the American Worker, the American Family &amp, the American Dream. This is the proud banner the Republican Party will carry into the Republican National Convention next summer in the great city of Charlotte, NC! https://t.co/T39INp0N8N
RT @debragarrett: @usminority I love President Trump!! #Trump2020Landslide
RT @JJmyriteload: @usminority great video
Together, we will continue unleashing the power of American enterprise, so every American can know the dignity of work and the pride of a paycheck. With your help, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a safe, modern, fair, and LAWFUL system of immigration! #MAGA2020 https://t.co/zxy6zRLGu1
THANK YOU Greenville, North Carolina! #MAGA2020 https://t.co/3ou3JzHsQX
....Greatest Economic BOOM in the history of our Country, the best job numbers, biggest tax reduction, rebuilt military and much more, is now OVER. This should never be allowed to happen to another President of the United States again!
The United States House of Representatives has just overwhelmingly voted to kill the Resolution on Impeachment, 332-95-1. This is perhaps the most ridiculous and time consuming project I have ever had to work on. Impeachment of your President, who has led the....
See you tonight, North Carolina! #MAGA2020 https://t.co/rqOwEkTtqQ
GOD BLESS THE USA🇺🇸 https://t.co/w6FenobnlR
New Poll: The Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in predicting the 2016 Election, has just announced that “Trump” numbers have recently gone up by four points, to 50%. Thank you to the vicious young Socialist Congresswomen. America will never buy your act!  #MAGA2020
After a ten year search, the so-called “mastermind” of the Mumbai Terror attacks has been arrested in Pakistan. Great pressure has been exerted over the last two years to find him!
Big Rally tonight in Greenville, North Carolina. Lots of great things to tell you about, including the fact that our Economy is the best it has ever been. Best Employment &amp, Stock Market Numbers EVER. I’ll talk also about people who love, and hate, our Country (mostly love)!  7:PM
The Democrats in Congress are getting nothing done, not on drug pricing, not on immigration, not on infrastructure, not on nothing! Sooo much opportunity, yet all they want to do is go “fishing.” The American people are tired of the never ending Witch Hunt, they want results now!
....they are destroying the Democrat Party. I’m appalled that so many of our Presidential candidates are falling all over themselves to try to agree with the four horsewomen of the apocalypse. I’m entitled to say that they’re Wack Jobs.”  Louisiana Senator John Kennedy
...opinion, they’re Americans. Now I’m entitled to my opinion, &amp, I just think they’re left wing cranks. They’re the reason there are directions on a shampoo bottle, &amp, we should ignore them. The “squad” has moved the Democrat Party substantially LEFT, and.....
“In America, if you hate our Country, you are free to leave. The simple fact of the matter is, the four Congresswomen think that America is wicked in its origins, they think that America is even more wicked now, that we are all racist and evil. They’re entitled to their.....
....visible members of the House Democrats, who are now wedded to this bitterness and hate. The Republican vote was 187-4. Wow! Also, this was the first time since 1984 that the Speaker of the House was ruled Out of Order and broke the Rules of the House. Quite a day!
So great to see how unified the Republican Party was on today’s vote concerning statements I made about four Democrat Congresswomen. If you really want to see statements, look at the horrible things they said about our Country, Israel, and much more. They are now the top, most...
RT @SteveDaines: Montanans are sick and tired of listening to anti-American, anti-Semite, radical Democrats trash our country and our ideal...
Yesterday, it was my great honor to host our third annual Made in America Showcase at the @WhiteHouse.... https://t.co/mBha7Qprr9
Looking forward to tomorrow night’s rally in Greenville, North Carolina at 7:00 P.M. Eastern! https://t.co/oXRgDvjacc
RT @VP: 50 years ago, Apollo 11 launched holding astronauts that would soon make history and walk on the moon. Today, under the leadership...
Kevin McCarthy @GOPLeader, “The President’s Tweets were not Racist. The controversy over the tweets is ALL POLITICS. I will vote against this resolution.”  Thank you Kevin!
.....Congresswomen, who I truly believe, based on their actions, hate our Country. Get a list of the HORRIBLE things they have said. Omar is polling at 8%, Cortez at 21%. Nancy Pelosi tried to push them away, but now they are forever wedded to the Democrat Party. See you in 2020!
Those Tweets were NOT Racist. I don’t have a Racist bone in my body! The so-called vote to be taken is a Democrat con game. Republicans should not show “weakness” and fall into their trap. This should be a vote on the filthy language, statements and lies told by the Democrat.....
Our Country is Free, Beautiful and Very Successful. If you hate our Country, or if you are not happy here, you can leave!
If you come after the President, the Country, the Flag - he’s going to defend himself. What the squad doesn’t like is that Donald Trump is enforcing the very laws that are on the books that were put there by Congress.” Jason Chaffetz. Also, buy Jason’s great new book, POWER GRAB!
“Billionaire Tech Investor Peter Thiel believes Google should be investigated for treason. He accuses Google of working with the Chinese Government.” @foxandfriends  A great and brilliant guy who knows this subject better than anyone! The Trump Administration will take a look!
RT @MsMaimie: @usminority 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻 I am so thankful you saw the light!!!
.....shouting of the F...word, among many other terrible things, and the petrified Dems run for the hills. Why isn’t the House voting to rebuke the filthy and hate laced things they have said? Because they are the Radical Left, and the Democrats are afraid to take them on. Sad!
The Democrat Congresswomen have been spewing some of the most vile, hateful, and disgusting things ever said by a politician in the House or Senate, &amp, yet they get a free pass and a big embrace from the Democrat Party. Horrible anti-Israel, anti-USA, pro-terrorist &amp, public.....
“The best economy in our lifetime!” @IngrahamAngle
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Obama Administration built the Cages, not the Trump Administration! DEMOCRATS MUST GIVE US THE VOTES TO CHANGE BAD IMMIGRATION LAWS.
The Dems were trying to distance themselves from the four “progressives,” but now they are forced to embrace them. That means they are endorsing Socialism, hate of Israel and the USA! Not good for the Democrats!
....Detention facilities are not Concentration Camps! America has never been stronger than it is now – rebuilt Military, highest Stock Market EVER, lowest unemployment and more people working than ever before. Keep America Great!
....They are anti-Israel, pro Al-Qaeda, and comment on the 9/11 attack, “some people did something.” Radical Left Democrats want Open Borders, which means drugs, crime, human trafficking, and much more....
We will never be a Socialist or Communist Country. IF YOU ARE NOT HAPPY HERE, YOU CAN LEAVE! It is your choice, and your choice alone. This is about love for America. Certain people HATE our Country....
Here we go with the Fake Polls. Just like what happened with the Election against Crooked Hillary Clinton. ABC, NBC, CNN, @nytimes, @washingtonpost, they all got it wrong, on purpose. Suppression Polls so early? They will never learn!
.....to impeach President Trump on DAY ONE. Make them the face of the future of the Democrat Party, you will destroy the Democrat Party. Their policies will destroy our Country!”  @LindseyGrahamSC  Need I say more?
....What does it mean for America to have free Healthcare for Illegal Immigrants, no criminalization of coming into our Country - See how that works for controlling Immigration! They talk about Israel like they’re a bunch of thugs, not victims of the entire region. They wanted...
....they are Anti-Semitic, they are Anti-America, we don’t need to know anything about them personally, talk about their policies. I think they are American citizens who are duly elected that are running on an agenda that is disgusting, that the American people will reject......
“We all know that AOC and this crowd are a bunch of Communists, they hate Israel, they hate our own Country, they’re calling the guards along our Border (the Border Patrol Agents) Concentration Camp Guards, they accuse people who support Israel as doing it for the Benjamin’s,....
If Democrats want to unite around the foul language &amp, racist hatred spewed from the mouths and actions of these very unpopular &amp, unrepresentative Congresswomen, it will be interesting to see how it plays out. I can tell you that they have made Israel feel abandoned by the U.S.
When will the Radical Left Congresswomen apologize to our Country, the people of Israel and even to the Office of the President, for the foul language they have used, and the terrible things they have said. So many people are angry at them &amp, their horrible &amp, disgusting actions!
....with the U.S., and wishes it had not broken the original deal in the first place. In the meantime, we are receiving Billions of Dollars in Tariffs from China, with possibly much more to come. These Tariffs are paid for by China devaluing &amp, pumping, not by the U.S. taxpayer!
Just returned to the beautiful @WhiteHouse after a great day in Wisconsin and Ohio! https://t.co/WVp3KeKg8h
China’s 2nd Quarter growth is the slowest it has been in more than 27 years. The United States Tariffs are having a major effect on companies wanting to leave China for non-tariffed countries. Thousands of companies are leaving. This is why China wants to make a deal....
We are doing great Economically as a Country, Number One, despite the Fed’s antiquated policy on rates and tightening. Much room to grow!
....and the many terrible things they say about the United States must not be allowed to go unchallenged. If the Democrat Party wants to continue to condone such disgraceful behavior, then we look even more forward to seeing you at the ballot box in 2020!
So sad to see the Democrats sticking up for people who speak so badly of our Country and who, in addition, hate Israel with a true and unbridled passion. Whenever confronted, they call their adversaries, including Nancy Pelosi, “RACIST.” Their disgusting language.....
Think what it would be without the 3 year Witch Hunt and Fake News Media, in partnership with the Democrats! https://t.co/KBtl7wde0F
https://t.co/YaiCXrxYQq
.....Sorry, can’t let them into our Country. If too crowded, tell them not to come to USA, and tell the Dems to fix the Loopholes - Problem Solved!
Friday’s tour showed vividly, to politicians and the media, how well run and clean the children’s detention centers are. Great reviews! Failing @nytimes story was FAKE! The adult single men areas were clean but crowded - also loaded up with a big percentage of criminals......
RT @bellavochi: @usminority That was powerful thank you!
RT @kenpgentry: @usminority Great job Sir. Keep the fires burning. The TRUTH WILL win out!
RT @RikerJacqui: @usminority Great job Brandon 👍🏻❤️
RT @Blondenevadan: @usminority At some point the light bulb comes on. I hope there are more Brandon's out there.
RT @PattiLy79084071: @usminority This film is AMAZING!  You’ve got tremendous courage!
RT @CuddlyAnimal1: @usminority You are an inspiration. I applaud your courage.
RT @MarloweMacinty1: @usminority You nailed it! Thanks, Brandon Straka!
RT @dtvaneps: @usminority Bravo Brandon
RT @teamzachy: @usminority Love this! You're awesome
RT @Bamilan6: @usminority Frm Zimbabwe I stand with Pres Trump, so sick of CNN pundits, haters
RT @akita915: @usminority Amen! You got it right Brandon!🙏🏻🇺🇸
RT @mhmarsh82: @usminority Thanks Brandon! Keep it coming!
RT @Carrie_Dunfee: @usminority Wow! Somebody is actually doing Something about this! Bravo! Brandon is a true patriot!
Thank you, so nice, but we are getting it done anyway! https://t.co/w2fhJK6FmF
RT @usminority: “In January of 2017, I bitterly proclaimed on social media that I would never be able to understand how anybody could vote...
RT @usminority: Thank you to @realDonaldTrump for your incredible acknowledgment &amp, support of #WalkAway back in October. #WalkAway turns 1...
RT @DavidJHarrisJr: Proof it’s all about emotion to liberals! I’m not a small guy, and she was afraid of my @realDonaldTrump hat! Are You...
....it is done. These places need your help badly, you can’t leave fast enough. I’m sure that Nancy Pelosi would be very happy to quickly work out free travel arrangements!
....and viciously telling the people of the United States, the greatest and most powerful Nation on earth, how our government is to be run. Why don’t they go back and help fix the totally broken and crime infested places from which they came. Then come back and show us how....
So interesting to see “Progressive” Democrat Congresswomen, who originally came from countries whose governments are a complete and total catastrophe, the worst, most corrupt and inept anywhere in the world (if they even have a functioning government at all), now loudly......
A big risk of major flooding in large parts of Louisiana and all across the Gulf Coast. Please be very careful!
94% Approval Rating in the Republican Party, an all time high. Ronald Reagan was 87%. Thank you!
....Paul Ryan almost killed the Republican Party. Weak, ineffective &amp, stupid are not exactly the qualities that Republicans, or the CITIZENS of our Country, were looking for. Right now our spirit is at an all time high, far better than the Radical Left Dems. You’ll see next year!
House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy is a far superior leader than was Lame Duck Speaker Paul Ryan. Tougher, smarter and a far better fundraiser, Kevin is already closing in on 44 Million Dollars. Paul’s final year numbers were, according to Breitbart, “abysmal.” People like.....
"RT @BreitbartNews: Joe Biden was caught on camera saying: ""We need family separation."" VIDEO:https://t.co/sl4Nt7QylD"
RT @NWS: #Barry will slowly move inland today and continue to produce the following hazards...-Life-threatening storm surge to coastal ar...
This is one of the most horrible abuses of all. Those texts between gaga lovers would have told the whole story. Illegal deletion by Mueller. They gave us “the insurance policy.” https://t.co/EEa41Kn6fX
RT @JudicialWatch: JW 60 Seconds: John Hackett, former Director of IPS, which handles records management at the State Dept, testified that...
RT @JudicialWatch: Judicial Watch's latest press release on CA cleaning up 1.5M names on the voter rolls is a step towards cleaner election...
RT @JudicialWatch: .@TomFitton in @FoxNews: “The Dems recognize there are issues w/Mueller's testimony. They're trying to protect themselve...
RT @JudicialWatch: .@TomFitton: “The dossier, used by Mueller to target @realDonaldTrump, should have been investigated by #Mueller if he w...
RT @JudicialWatch: .@TomFitton: “We are all supposed to pretend that Mueller’s investigation was legit &amp, it was part of an effort to remove...
RT @JudicialWatch: @TomFitton: Why Didn't Mueller Investigate Clinton Campaign Getting Anti-Trump Dirt from Russians? https://t.co/bHMktH5F...
RT @JudicialWatch: Hillary Clinton is not above the law, yet she has a record of contempt for the rule of law. Our leaders are bound by the...
RT @JudicialWatch: .@TomFitton: “The president should direct the DOJ to re-open the Clinton investigation to reassure Americans that there...
RT @JudicialWatch: JW announced that it filed a FOIA lawsuit against the DOJ for records of communications between the FBI &amp, former FBI Dep...
Wow, @CNN RATINGS HAVE CRASHED. LOST ALL CREDIBILITY!
"RT @JudicialWatch: .@TomFitton's breaking news on #Clintonemailscandal: ""New testimony shows Obama State Dept hid Clinton emails &amp, then let..."
Andy McCabe is a major sleazebag. Among many other things, he took massive amounts of money from Crooked Hillary reps, for wife’s campaign, while Hillary was under “investigation” by FBI! https://t.co/bHweiBBj7z
RT @JudicialWatch: BREAKING: John Hackett, former Director of IPS, which handles records management at the State Dept, testified that he ra...
RT @senatemajldr: It’s a fact: The Trump administration, hand-in-hand with the Senate has punched back hard at Russian election interferenc...
RT @senatemajldr: Increased agency coordination. Millions of dollars in direct aid to state election officials. Updating election systems....
RT @McConnellPress: At @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell's request the Trump Administration will aid #Kentucky in the War on #AsianCarp by dedi...
RT @thehill: Former Obama Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson warned that decriminalization would attract hundreds of thousands of new...
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: My latest OpEd read and RT🇺🇸Donald Trump will win the Democratic Party civil war | TheHill https://t.co/NhftUC975e
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Does anyone else remember when Democrats used to oppose illegal immigration? https://t.co/PFfx1guFm7
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Rick Perry: Now that Ross Perot is gone, I can tell this story | Commentary | Dallas News https://t.co/pWaySYxYLh
RT @HawleyMO: .@realDonaldTrump is right: we can’t just hope Big Tech will behave better. We have to hold them accountable https://t.co/Kt8...
RT @RandPaul: Federal, state, and local law enforcement must work together to enforce our laws and protect our communities.  I applaud @Gov...
RT @VP: CNN is so dishonest. Today we took reporters to a detention facility on the border for families and children and all told us they w...
RT @VP: ignoring the excellent care being provided to families and children. Our great @CBP agents deserve better and the American people d...
RT @THEHermanCain: Thank you to @realDonaldTrump for the invite to the White House Social Media Summit. I enjoyed my time and am grateful f...
RT @Trump: Three of the most spectacular golf courses in the world ⛳ @TrumpGolfTune into @GolfChannel next week during @TheOpen to catch...
“MUELLER’S PARTISAN WITCH HUNT!” https://t.co/XTD5f5ZOz2
"""EXPOSING THE REAL 2016 ELECTION SCANDAL!"" https://t.co/WUNOSKZC6T"
RT @robbystarbuck: Rep. @Jim_Jordan let’s loose on all of the elected Democrats in Congress who’ve denied there’s a crisis at the border an...
RT @parscale: Great to have UNITY in Pennsylvania! We are excited to get to work with @PAGOP Chairman Lawrence Tabas and @TeamTrump Pennsyl...
RT @IvankaTrump: #WGDP is proud to work w/ @USAID to advance women’s economic empowerment. Thank you @USAIDMarkGreen for your commitment to...
RT @Jim_Jordan: .@RepAndyBiggsAZ is right. For months, Democrats claimed there wasn't even a crisis on the border!They sure have changed...
Leaving the Great State of Ohio! https://t.co/WTLC1fFzWl
The DOW, S&amp,P 500, and NASDAQ all close the week at a new record high! https://t.co/wPJiM8n7m2
RT @Duffy4Wisconsin: In 2016 Wisconsin came up big for @realDonaldTrump. With him visiting us again today, let's show him how much support...
RT @VP: Earlier this year President @realDonaldTrump declared the border crisis a national emergency and today Mexico is doing more to secu...
RT @VP: Toured the Donna Processing Center with @SecondLady and saw firsthand how even in the face of our overwhelmed facilities, @CBP is p...
Tennessee loving Bill Hagerty, who was my Tennessee Victoy Chair and is now the very outstanding Ambassador to Japan, will be running for the U.S. Senate. He is strong on crime, borders &amp, our 2nd A. Loves our Military &amp, our Vets. Has my Complete &amp, Total Endorsement!
I am thrilled to be back in the Great State of Wisconsin with the extraordinary men &amp, women of Derco Aerospace! We are here today to celebrate the triumphant return of American Manufacturing, and everything we are doing to keep the assembly lines rolling...https://t.co/6jR72cNNPH
RT @NHC_Atlantic: As hazardous conditions arrive along the Gulf Coast today with #Barry, get information on local weather and impacts from...
We have a GREAT TEAM in Pennsylvania! I’m proud to say that our good friends Lawrence Tabas &amp, Bernadette “Bernie” Comfort will now be working together to run the @PAGOP. Lawrence will be Chairman &amp, Bernie will Chair my Pennsylvania Campaign. We must have, &amp, do, great UNITY in PA!
....Alex was a great Secretary of Labor and his service is truly appreciated. He will be replaced on an acting basis by Pat Pizzella, the current Deputy Secretary.
Alex Acosta informed me this morning that he felt the constant drumbeat of press about a prosecution which took place under his watch more than 12 years ago was bad for the Administration, which he so strongly believes in, and he graciously tendered his resignation....
RT @IvankaTrump: #ICYMI: We announced 14 NEW innovative activities in 22 countries impacting 100,000+ women along w/ the private sector....
"RT @Jim_Jordan: ""Jordan calls on Democrats to address the crisis, rather than playing politics with the border""https://t.co/jSnbq6gtak"
Great job by Rush Limbaugh on @foxandfriends!
.....if Mexico produces (which I think they will). Biggest part of deal with Mexico has not yet been revealed! China is similar, except they devalue currency &amp, subsidize companies to lessen effect of 25% Tariffs. So far, little effect to consumers. Companies will relocate to U.S.
....companies to come to the USA and to get companies that have left us for other lands to COME BACK HOME. We  stupidly lost 30% of our auto business to Mexico. If the Tariffs went on at the higher level, they would all come back, and fast. But very happy with the deal I made,...
When you are the big “piggy bank” that other countries have been ripping off for years (to a level that is not to be believed), Tariffs are a great negotiating tool, a great revenue producer and,  most importantly, a powerful way to get......
@SebGorka Wins Big, No Contest!
The Great Rush Limbaugh will be on @foxandfriends at 8:30 A.M. Enjoy!
RT @GOPLeader: President @realDonaldTrump's #SocialMediaSummit was a very important event. Conservatives will NOT be silenced, and American...
RT @HawleyMO: Just came from the White House Social Media Summit where I had chance to stand alongside @realDonaldTrump and talk about why...
RT @UnplannedMovie: What's it like being a film whose social media platforms were totally shut down because owners didn't like the implicat...
RT @prageru: .@DanCrenshawTX highlighting Big Tech censorship of conservatives at the White House Social Media Summit. https://t.co/sC2mdpV...
RT @RobertBluey: Grateful to attend today’s #SocialMediaSummit with 250 other digital leaders, members of Congress &amp, Cabinet secretaries wh...
RT @mitchellvii: Amazing meeting guys. Up close and personal with the President. Such a down to earth nice guy. Internet as been dicey in h...
RT @JamesOKeefeIII: .@realDonaldTrump: He's not controversial, he's truthful. He's truthful. https://t.co/5dRXcLpImh
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! https://t.co/lWqvRNJDOW
RT @LilaGraceRose: Big Tech CEOs have testified before Congress that their social platforms don’t discriminate based on “political viewpoin...
Thank you Lara and Jessie Jane! https://t.co/FPNhslghzd
RT @IWV: 🤳 iPhones fully charged (✅) at the @WhiteHouse #SocialMediaSummit🇺🇸 https://t.co/SlJOM1j0aT
RT @TexanGalCindy: #FakeNewsCNN mired in a credibility crisis as ratings continue to collapse#BoycottCNN#BoycottCNN#FakeNewsCNN#WakeUpA...
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""I'm hereby ordering every department and agency in the Federal Government, to provide the Department of Commerce with all..."
RT @carrieksada: These protests are not spontaneous, they're pre manufactured by OFA. Watch Sperry w/ @LouDobbs #Charlottesville https://t...
RT @realDonaldTrump: #SocialMediaSummit @WhiteHouse https://t.co/Z7tlvC3QUN
RT @TrumpWarRoom: Democrats on the House Oversight Committee tweeted a photo of children in cages in an attempt politicize the border crisi...
RT @SteveScalise: There are no moderates left in the Democrat party. It's liberals vs. socialists now...and the socialists are winning. How...
"RT @RepDougCollins: After Dems denied the #BorderCrisis for months, Nadler today claims there's ""child abuse"" &amp, ""negligent homicide &amp, syste..."
Interesting! https://t.co/Ttwa6mymGr
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Don’t worry the media will cover for them as always. https://t.co/6lNCYpgBu2
RT @PAChamber: Trade with Canada and Mexico supports more than 12 million American jobs in every state in the Union. In fact, 49 U.S. state...
RT @LtGovHusted: “We have a technology infused economy. We need a trade deal that represents that,” - Lt. Governor @JonHusted encouraging q...
RT @JayTimmonsNAM: USMCA passage is critical to manufacturers in America. @ShopfloorNAM will continue to work with Congress and the @WhiteH...
Thank you! https://t.co/0EFV8qa9a3
....He had the Majority &amp, blew it away with his poor leadership and bad timing. Never knew how to go after the Dems like they go after us. Couldn’t get him out of Congress fast enough!
....When Mitt chose Paul I told people that’s the end of that Presidential run. He quit Congress because he didn’t know how to Win. They gave me standing O’s in the Great State of Wisconsin, &amp, booed him off the stage. He promised me the Wall, &amp, failed (happening anyway!)......
Paul Ryan, the failed V.P. candidate &amp, former Speaker of the House, whose record of achievement was atrocious (except during my first two years as President), ultimately became a long running lame duck failure, leaving his Party in the lurch both as a fundraiser &amp, leader......
Do you believe this kind of bravery? Amazing drug seizure. WATCH! https://t.co/M1KKBFic4A
RT @USCG: Earlier today, the @VP welcomed back CGC Munro from patrol as they offloaded $569 million of cocaine in San Diego. If you misse...
RT @USCG: Thank you to @POTUS and all who came out yesterday to our Nation's Capital #IndependenceDay celebration. Happy 243rd Birthday Ame...
#SocialMediaSummit @WhiteHouse https://t.co/Z7tlvC3QUN
Each of you is fulfilling a vital role in our nation – you are challenging the media gatekeepers and the corporate censors to bring the facts straight to the American People. Together, you reach more people than any television broadcast, BY FAR! #SocialMediaSummit https://t.co/iWePOOhLgp
...and International. We have only one real currency in the USA, and it is stronger than ever, both dependable and reliable. It is by far the most dominant currency anywhere in the World, and it will always stay that way. It is called the United States Dollar!
....Similarly, Facebook Libra’s “virtual currency” will have little standing or dependability. If Facebook and other companies want to become a bank, they must seek a new Banking Charter and become subject to all Banking Regulations, just like other Banks, both National...
I am not a fan of Bitcoin and other Cryptocurrencies, which are not money, and whose value is highly volatile and based on thin air. Unregulated Crypto Assets can facilitate unlawful behavior, including drug trade and other illegal activity....
To everyone on the Gulf Coast: As you make preparations to protect your homes &amp, loved ones from flooding &amp, the coming storm, it is imperative that you heed the directions of @FEMA, State &amp, Local Officials. We are working closely w/ them. Please be prepared, be careful, &amp, be SAFE!
Today, I am directing my Administration to explore all regulatory and legislative solutions to protect the free speech rights of ALL AMERICANS. We hope to see more transparency, more accountability, and more FREEDOM! #SocialMediaSummit https://t.co/i6th5qtfAj
...or a very nervous and skinny version of Pocahontas (1/1024th), as your President, rather than what you have now, so great looking and smart, a true Stable Genius! Sorry to say that even Social Media would be driven out of business along with, and finally, the Fake News Media!
...years, or maybe 10 or 14 (just kidding), they will quickly go out of business for lack of credibility, or approval, from the public. That’s why they will all be Endorsing me at some point, one way or the other. Could you imagine having Sleepy Joe Biden, or Alfred E. Newman...
...The Fake News is not as important, or as powerful, as Social Media. They have lost tremendous credibility since that day in November, 2016, that I came down the escalator with the person who was to become your future First Lady. When I ultimately leave office in six...
A big subject today at the White House Social Media Summit will be the tremendous dishonesty, bias, discrimination and suppression practiced by certain companies. We will not let them get away with it much longer. The Fake News Media will also be there, but for a limited period..
So happy that I was able to keep Sikorsky Helicopter in the Great State of Pennsylvania. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Dow just hit 27,000 for first time EVER!
“It seems that the Brits and the French and the Germans are coming around to the idea that the Iranians are up to no good!” @BillHemmer @FoxNews
Mexico is doing great at the Border, but China is letting us down in that they have not been buying the agricultural products from our great Farmers that they said they would. Hopefully they will start soon!
Will be a big and exciting day at the White House for Social Media!
....conflicted and compromised Mueller again. He said he was “done” after his last 9 minute speech, and that he had nothing more to say outside of the No Collusion, No Obstruction, Report. Enough already, go back to work! I won, unanimously, the big Emoluments case yesterday!
Now the Democrats have asked to see 12 more people who have already spent hours with Robert Mueller, and spent a fortune on lawyers in so doing. How many bites at the apple do they get before working on Border Loopholes and Asylum. They also want to interview the highly......
Democrats had to quickly take down a tweet called “Kids In Cages, Inhumane Treatment at the Border,” because the horrible picture used was from the Obama years. Very embarrassing! @foxandfriends
....And remember, a bank that I did use years ago, the now badly written about and maligned Deutsche Bank, was then one of the largest and most prestigious banks in the world! They wanted my business, and so did many others!
The Fake News Media loves the narrative that I didn’t use many banks because the banks didn’t like me. No, I didn’t use many banks because I didn’t (don’t) need their money (old fashioned, isn’t it?). If I did, it would have been very easy for me to get.
....the number of people who are no longer looking for jobs but who are now seeing the opportunity for job growth, you’ve got to give the President an A Plus for that.”  Thank you Robert, one of our great business leaders!
Robert Johnson, B.E.T. “I give the President a lot of credit for moving the Economy in a positive direction that’s benefiting a large number of Americans. I think the Tax Cuts clearly helped stimulate the Economy. Overall, if you look at the U.S. Economy, and you look at.....
https://t.co/4c8wlQzrlF
....months, the lowest since 1972.” The Wall Street Journal Editorial Board, A Tale of Two Economies. @IngrahamAngle
“Nearly one million more blacks and two million more Hispanics are employed than when Barrack Obama left office, and minorities account for more than half of all new jobs created during the Trump Presidency. Unemployment among black women has hovered near 5% for the last six.....
The Pledge of Allegiance to our great Country, in St. Louis Park, Minnesota, is under siege. That is why I am going to win the Great State of Minnesota in the 2020 Election. People are sick and tired of this stupidity and disloyalty to our wonderful USA!
...or a very nervous and skinny version of Pocahontas (1000/24th), as your President, rather than what you have now, so great looking and smart, a true Stable Genius! Sorry to say that even Social Media would be driven out of business along with, and finally, the Fake News Media!
....years, or maybe 10 or 14 (just kidding), they will quickly go out of business for lack of credibility, or approval, from the public. That’s why they will all be Endorsing me at some point, one way or the other. Could you imagine having Sleepy Joe Biden, or @AlfredENeuman99,..
....The Fake News is not as important, or as powerful, as Social Media. They have lost tremendous credibility since that day in November, 2016, that I came down the escalator with the person who was to become your future First Lady. When I ultimately leave office in six......
A big subject today at the White House Social Media Summit will be the tremendous dishonesty, bias, discrimination and suppression practiced by certain companies. We will not let them get away with it much longer. The Fake News Media will also be there, but for a limited period..
The White House will be hosting a very big and very important Social Media Summit today. Would I have become President without Social Media? Yes (probably)! At its conclusion, we will all go to the beautiful Rose Garden for a News Conference on the Census and Citizenship.
RT @KTHopkins: God-willing / jihadi-failing I am going to be alive to see Trump in the White House Boris in Number 10Netanyahu building...
THANK YOU BILL! https://t.co/ToNeu9OGuM
Thank you so much @JonVoight!https://t.co/7aj57QH57l
....Thank you to Lockheed Martin, one of the USA’s truly great companies!
I was just informed by Marillyn Hewson, CEO of Lockheed Martin, of her decision to keep the Sikorsky Helicopter Plant in Coatesville, Pennsylvania, open and humming! We are very proud of Pennsylvania and the people who work there....
Congratulations to @DrGregMurphy1 of North Carolina (#NC03) on his great primary victory for the United States Congress. Greg is tough on Crime, Borders, and loves our Second Amendment, our Military and our Vets. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Today, on this “USMCA Day of Action,” thousands of grassroots supporters are urging Congress to pass the great bipartisan USMCA. USMCA = more JOBS for American workers, more economic growth, and more OPPORTUNITY for our farmers, ranchers, and businesses. #USMCAnow https://t.co/sYMhKSDu5w
Thank you Robert Johnson! https://t.co/kE4W2m9OoM
My Administration is taking groundbreaking action to bring new hope to millions of Americans suffering from kidney disease. Today I signed an Executive Order, Advancing American Kidney Health...https://t.co/tAlFdDSTUU
....serving and doing a great job as your President (including accepting Zero salary!).
Word just out that I won a big part of the Deep State and Democrat induced Witch Hunt. Unanimous decision in my favor from The United States Court of Appeals For The Fourth Circuit on the ridiculous Emoluments Case. I don’t make money, but lose a fortune for the honor of.....
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/4c8wlQzrlF
Iran has long been secretly “enriching,” in total violation of the terrible 150 Billion Dollar deal made by John Kerry and the Obama Administration. Remember, that deal was to expire in a short number of years. Sanctions will soon be increased, substantially!
The Dems Witch Hunt continues! https://t.co/jHEPN84IGK
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Reminder: not only are prominent Democrats calling to decriminalize border crossings—every single Democrat on the secon...
RT @marklevinshow: Once again, CNN comes to the defense of rabid anti-Semite Ilhan Omar https://t.co/XNuN4HC4vj
....done a great job of reducing crime in the African American Community because more African Americans are at work today. Trump is not a Racist, he’s a Businessman. Because he’s a great businessman, he’s pushing for lives to be better.” Michael Brown, CEO, Hydromatic Tech
“Our company has grown, since Trump has taken control of the White House &amp, the Presidency, in the sense that we have better opportunities now to do what we’ve been wanting to do for quite some time, and that is to create manufacturing jobs. I believe that President Trump has.....
“FBI’s Christopher Steele (FAKE) Story Falls Apart: False Intel &amp, Media Contacts Were Flagged Before FISA.” John Solomon, The Hill. @seanhannity
“The reality is that this was a plot from the very beginning to frame Trump....” @RudyGiuliani https://t.co/tMyNEPppm6
https://t.co/HJYYPsJ3Mf
So now the Obama appointed judge on the Census case (Are you a Citizen of the United States?) won’t let the Justice Department use the lawyers  that it wants to use. Could this be a first?
More and more the Radical Left is using Commerce to hurt their “Enemy.” They put out the name of a store, brand or company, and ask their so-called followers not to do business there. They don’t care who gets hurt, but also don’t understand that two can play that game!
....to your favorite President, me! These people are vicious and totally crazed, but remember, there are far more great people (“Deplorables”) in this country, than bad. Do to them what they do to you. Fight for Bernie Marcus and Home Depot!
A truly great, patriotic &amp, charitable man, Bernie Marcus, the co-founder of Home Depot who, at the age of 90, is coming under attack by the Radical Left Democrats with one of their often used weapons. They don’t want people to shop at those GREAT stores because he contributed....
....Why would Kentucky ever think of giving up the most powerful position in Congress, the Senate Majority Leader, for a freshman Senator with little power in what will hopefully be the minority party. We need Mitch in the Senate to Keep America Great!!
Democrats are coming after our great Kentucky Senator, Mitch McConnell, with someone who compared my election to September 11th....
After a wonderful dinner at the @USTreasury last night with the Amir of Qatar, @TamimBinHamad, it was my great honor to welcome him to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon! https://t.co/SB9DGA7dgo
RT @RepMarkMeadows: This was amazing news from over the weekend — 224,000 jobs created in June, blowing away expectations of 160,000 jobs!...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Barr is absolutely right about the Mueller testimony being a public spectacle... that’s all it ever was. Democrats' M...
....healthcare (Obamacare) to stay in place, when it would have been replaced by something far better, shows how incredibly important our upcoming 2020 Election is. I have long heard that the appointment of Supreme Court Justices is a President’s most important decision. SO TRUE!
Recent “strained” decisions by the United States Supreme Court, some so simple as allowing the question, “Are you a citizen of the United States” on our very expensive Census Report, or the even more strained decisions (2) allowing the world’s most expensive &amp, pathetic......
India has long had a field day putting Tariffs on American products. No longer acceptable!
Food Stamp participation hits 10 year low. Wow! @OANN
“With President Trump at the helm, not only is America getting great again, but he’s going to make our estuaries, our rivers, our water - everything better - the things he is doing, and done, are just helping America tremendously.” Thank you to Bruce Hrobak @foxandfriends
Outrage is growing in the Great State of Minnesota where our Patriots are now having to fight for the right to say the Pledge of Allegiance. I will be fighting with you! @foxandfriends
“I agree with the President, the Supreme Court got it wrong. There should be a question about Citizenship on the Census. A.G. Barr sees a pathway to add the Citizenship Question.”  Steve Doocy @foxandfriends  Working hard on something that should be so easy. People are fed up!
....and they are both only getting bigger, better and stronger.....Thank you, Mr. President!
...handled. I told @theresa_may how to do that deal, but she went her own foolish way-was unable to get it done. A disaster! I don’t know the Ambassador but have been told he is a pompous fool. Tell him the USA now has the best Economy &amp, Military  anywhere in the World, by far...
The wacky Ambassador that the U.K. foisted upon the United States is not someone we are thrilled with, a very stupid guy. He should speak to his country, and Prime Minister May, about their failed Brexit negotiation, and not be upset with my criticism of how badly it was...
Very good numbers on the economy. Much potential for growth. Trade deals being negotiated or being set up for negotiation. We have been treated very unfairly (to put it mildly) by other countries for many years, but that is changing!
Spoke to @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy about the earthquakes in California and informed him that we will be working very closely on emergency funding. Also spoke to Governor @GavinNewsom - all working together!
....thought of within the U.S. We will no longer deal with him. The good news for the wonderful United Kingdom is that they will soon have a new Prime Minister. While I thoroughly enjoyed the magnificent State Visit last month, it was the Queen who I was most impressed with!
I have been very critical about the way the U.K. and Prime Minister Theresa May handled Brexit. What a mess she and her representatives have created. I told her how it should be done, but she decided to go another way. I do not know the Ambassador, but he is not liked or well....
Brilliant Constitutional Lawyer, Dr. John Eastman, said the Special Prosecutor (Mueller) should have NEVER been appointed in the first place. The entire exercise was fundamentally illegal. The Witch Hunt should never happen to another President of the U.S. again. A TOTAL SCAM! https://t.co/5sRAMhHAR8
Thank you Ari! https://t.co/Ae2q0d07tb
RT @ReaganBattalion: HUGE. https://t.co/Ay1RTx7UCK
RT @ReaganBattalion: Full crowd shot. #July4thDC https://t.co/M59WdX9nQM
A massive crowd that Fake News &amp, some Dems didn’t want to Report! https://t.co/RiRTP2hEJc
RT @ReaganBattalion: God Bless America 🇺🇸 https://t.co/iLQnUb2VxY
Cute! https://t.co/ylJfs6hh9g
....their lowest rated show. Watch the @FoxNews weekend daytime anchors, who are terrible, go after her big time. That’s what they want - but it sure is not what the audience wants!
Impossible to believe that @FoxNews has hired @donnabrazile, the person fired by @CNN (after they tried to hide the bad facts, &amp, failed) for giving Crooked Hillary Clinton the questions to a debate, something unimaginable. Now she is all over Fox, including Shep Smith, by far....
...a “source” of information (ask the Times what they paid for the Boston Globe, &amp, what they sold it for (lost 1.5 Billion Dollars), or their old headquarters building disaster, or their unfunded liability? @FoxNews is changing fast, but they forgot the people who got them there!
.....Comcast (NBC/MSNBC) Trump haters, who do whatever Brian &amp, Steve tell them to do. Like CNN, NBC is also way down in the ratings. But @FoxNews, who failed in getting the very BORING Dem debates, is now loading up with Democrats &amp, even using Fake unsourced @nytimes as....
Watching @FoxNews weekend anchors is worse than watching low ratings Fake News @CNN, or Lyin’ Brian Williams (remember when he totally fabricated a War Story trying to make himself into a hero, &amp, got fired. A very dishonest journalist!) and the crew of degenerate......
RT @hogangidley45: The Democrats hate @realDonaldTrump so much, they lied about “collusion,” lied about a “cover-up,” lied about the “crisi...
RT @GrahamLedger: https://t.co/BflJJEmkRp
We are building the Wall now, but the reason the badly needed Wall wasn’t approved in the Republican controlled House and Senate was that we had a very slim majority in the Senate, &amp, needed 9 Democrat votes. They were totally unwilling to give Wall votes to us, want Open Borders!
....brought up, not them) because the Dems won’t change the Loopholes and Asylum. Big Media Con Job!
....United States Citizens first. Border Patrol, and others in Law Enforcement, have been doing a great job. We said there was a Crisis - the Fake News &amp, the Dems said it was “manufactured.” Now all agree we were right, but they always knew that. They are crowded (which we.....
The Fake News Media, in particular the Failing @nytimes, is writing phony and exaggerated accounts of the Border Detention Centers. First of all, people should not be entering our Country illegally, only for us to then have to care for them. We should be allowed to focus on .....
Congratulations to the U.S. Women’s Soccer Team on winning the World Cup! Great and exciting play. America is proud of you all!
RT @WhiteHouse: The 3 major U.S. stock indexes all closed with record highs Wednesday! https://t.co/UMvQTNn2r7
RT @WhiteHouseCEA: Read more about the jobs numbers out today: https://t.co/RYxmJYJawi
RT @WhiteHouse: https://t.co/K76BQeMLdk
Last year was the first in 51 years where prescription drug prices actually went down, but things have been, and are being, put in place that will drive them down substantially. If Dems would work with us in a bipartisan fashion, we would get big results very fast!
Sleepy Joe Biden just admitted he worked with segregationists and separately, has already been very plain about the fact that he will be substantially raising everyone’s taxes if he becomes president. Ridiculously, all Democrats want to substantially raise taxes!
RT @SteveScalise: America’s economy thrives when you cut taxes and get harmful Washington regulations out of the way. Republicans and @real...
RT @SteveScalise: .@realDonaldTrump continues to defy expectations &amp, deliver results for American workers! Democrats need to explain to eve...
RT @SteveScalise: Did Joe Biden forget about Obama’s Secretary of State Hillary Clinton offering a “reset” with Russia, undermining our nat...
RT @SteveScalise: Joe Biden claims Russian election interference wouldn’t have happened on his watch or Obama’s watch. Seriously, Joe?? I...
Joe Biden is a reclamation project. Some things are just not salvageable. China and other countries that ripped us off for years are begging for him. He deserted our military, our law enforcement and our healthcare. Added more debt than all other Presidents combined. Won’t win!
RT @WVGovernor: Today we lost a WV superstar and I lost a very close friend. Our families go back to the beginning of the Cline empire - Pi...
A wonderful man and great Republican! https://t.co/zgCu3ebS4j
Great Coach, Great Guy! https://t.co/TWAb8u9KIS
Jerry will be getting the Presidential Medal of Freedom, well deserved! https://t.co/45YXTurlQJ
Democrats must change the Loophole &amp, Asylum Laws - but they probably won’t! They want Open Borders, which means massive crime and drugs! https://t.co/IWxH16arMW
RT @ericbolling: Some Photos (via B Tessler) https://t.co/zRsoLcJqlP
RT @CBPSouthTexas: #CBP officers seize $4.1M in methamphetamine, cocaine at Laredo Port of Entry. Read more here and below. https://t.co/KJ...
RT @AmbJohnBolton: US is proud to be supporting Interim President Guaido &amp, the democratically elected National Assembly, which is courageou...
RT @Scavino45: https://t.co/fj4Nd2mQqW
Our Country is the envy of the World. Thank you, Mr. President! https://t.co/2h8mvu16YX
....As well as we are doing from the day after the great Election, when the Market shot right up, it could have been even better - massive additional wealth would have been created, &amp, used very well. Our most difficult problem is not our competitors, it is the Federal Reserve!
Strong jobs report, low inflation, and other countries around the world doing anything possible to take advantage of the United States, knowing that our Federal Reserve doesn’t have a clue! They raised rates too soon, too often, &amp, tightened, while others did just the opposite....
My deepest sympathies go out to the family and friends of great businessman and energy expert Chris Cline, his wonderful daughter, Kameron, and their friends, on the tragic accident which took place in the Bahamas. The great people of West Virginia will never forget them!
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: https://t.co/MdRdZWW2TTTo be clear – the situation at the southern border is out of control because Congress won’t d...
Happy Birthday to our great United States @SecretService! https://t.co/RMgiPGnudZ
“Record 157,005,000 Employed, 19th Record of Trump Era” https://t.co/syROOk1UOb
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! https://t.co/lWqvRNJDOW
RT @RandyRRQuaid: Wow! Rousing great speech, great air show, great bands!  The great pilots, the great timing of the speech with the fly-ov...
RT @PastorDScott: Bruce Zoldon, Phil Grucci, Phantom Fireworks, and Fireworks by Grucci put on a TREMENDOUS display to cap off the Independ...
RT @StewardshipAmer: Whenever you are in the Pensacola Florida area, go see the famous Blues, they will make you so proud ~https://t.co/tB...
RT @StewardshipAmer: Spectacular ~ https://t.co/oh0Wca8YYJ
RT @StewardshipAmer: Thank you, Mr. President. for a stupendous Independence Day tribute to our great nation, and to all who have donned ou...
RT @PressSec: Incredible to see all in attendance to hear our @POTUS speak &amp, celebrate our great nation’s Independence Day! 🇺🇸 https://t.co...
Tammy is a great person! https://t.co/GRyl1OMsux
Thanks Ari! https://t.co/WOOzufbzOL
Thank you Marc! https://t.co/JQBUPW2EHJ
"RT @MZHemingway: Good examples of corporate media failure here. ""8 Times The Media Said There Was No Crisis At The Southern Border"" https:/..."
"RT @Regnery: WATCH our first sneak peak of ""Justice on Trial: The Kavanaugh Confirmation and the Future of the Supreme Court"" by @MZHemingw..."
RT @ByronYork: Oh. That's different. From @AP: 'Harris says busing should be considered, not mandated.' https://t.co/uRRalGihR1 https://t.c...
RT @CBSNews: STUNNING: Fireworks filled the sky above the National Mall in Washington, D.C. on Independence Day.  🎆 https://t.co/76QfY3Q4oI...
RT @KimStrassel: Trump’s expansion of health reimbursement accounts is good news for workers. https://t.co/Qbj3qTNj5y via @WSJ
RT @ByronYork: Attention Nike: The flag Colin Kaepernick told you was unacceptable on your shoes was displayed rather prominently at Barack...
https://t.co/ldrobJIbrN
RT @dcexaminer: When Biden landed in Iowa this week, a new poll from A Focus on Rural America showed his support among Democrats in the sta...
"RT @dcexaminer: ""It'd be hard for the Democrats to say, 'well, we started an investigation we shouldn't have and continued it by breaking t..."
RT @realDonaldTrump: A great crowd of tremendous Patriots this evening, all the way back to the Washington Monument! #SaluteToAmerica🇺🇸 htt...
RT @realDonaldTrump: #SaluteToAmerica🇺🇸#July4th https://t.co/CMxvvow5um
RT @NBCNews: @NBCNewsNow Air Force One flies over the Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool at the start of President Trump’s Fourth of July cel...
RT @SenTedCruz: It is time to end the crisis at our border. And the only way we will end this crisis is for Congress to stop the political...
RT @BreitbartNews: Communists BURN American flag near the White House on Independence Day. https://t.co/8lyfZ5EBwd
RT @chuckwoolery: Rain? who cares. This is what it really looked like. https://t.co/CFxPjWeuNq
RT @rnlynn1958: What a great celebration. I’m in tears and proud. Being a Navy Brat, I’m honestly overwhelmed with gratitude and pride.  Th...
RT @charliekirk11: RT if you are THANKFUL to have @realDonaldTrump as President this beautiful Independence Day! https://t.co/E0JljJOTgX
RT @charliekirk11: Despite the left’s best attempts at destroying a salute to America, the place is PACKED!God bless @realDonaldTrump and...
RT @JohnDePetroshow: Tonight is a perfect example where the critics of @realDonaldTrump criticize him and underestimate him. I have chills...
RT @deronrossi: @realDonaldTrump The #SaluteToAmerica was awesome. Thanks to @FoxNews for covering it, the program and flyovers were great....
RT @AndrewHClark: Epic. #America #TrumpSpeech https://t.co/T3aQTIsucg
A great crowd of tremendous Patriots this evening, all the way back to the Washington Monument! #SaluteToAmerica🇺🇸 https://t.co/nJghdfqIhX
#SaluteToAmerica🇺🇸#July4th https://t.co/CMxvvow5um
Weather looking good, clearing rapidly and temperatures going down fast. See you in 45 minutes, 6:30 to 7:00 P.M. at Lincoln Memorial!
Been fully briefed on earthquake in Southern California. All seems to be very much under control!
Looks like a lot of people already heading to SALUTE TO AMERICA at Lincoln Memorial. It will be well worth the trip and wait. See you there at 6:00 P.M. Amazing music and bands. Thank you ARMY!
Great news for the Republican Party as one of the dumbest &amp, most disloyal men in Congress is “quitting” the Party. No Collusion, No Obstruction! Knew he couldn’t get the nomination to run again in the Great State of Michigan. Already being challenged for his seat. A total loser!
RT @TheOfficerTatum: What I have seen from the last two nights isn't America.These candidates are disgraceful. All I saw was pandering....
RT @RealCandaceO: You cannot be a victim and a victor at the same time. You can either choose to win or accept your status as a loser....
....and advanced aircraft anywhere in the World. Perhaps even Air Force One will do a low &amp, loud sprint over the crowd. That will start at 6:00P.M., but be there early. Then, at 9:00 P.M., a great (to put it mildly) fireworks display. I will speak on behalf of our great Country!
People are coming from far and wide to join us today and tonight for what is turning out to be one of the biggest celebrations in the history of our Country, SALUTE TO AMERICA, an all day event at the Lincoln Memorial, culminating with large scale flyovers of the most modern.....
....and advanced aircraft anywhere in the World. Perhaps even Aircraft One will do a low &amp, loud sprint over the crowd. That will start at 6:00P.M., but be there early. Then, at 9:00 P.M., a great (to put it mildly) fireworks display. I will speak on behalf of our great Country!
People are coming from far and wide to join us today and tonight for what is turning out to be one of the biggest celebrations in the history of our Country, SALUTE TO AMERICA, an all day event at the Lincoln Memorial, culminating with large scale flyovers of the most modern.....
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY!
So important for our Country that the very simple and basic “Are you a Citizen of the United States?” question be allowed to be asked in the 2020 Census. Department of Commerce and the Department of Justice are working very hard on this, even on the 4th of July!
Today’s Stock Market is the highest in the history of our great Country! This is the 104th time since the Election of 2016 that we have reached a NEW HIGH. Congratulations USA!
Iran has just issued a New Warning. Rouhani says that they will Enrich Uranium to “any amount we want” if there is no new Nuclear Deal. Be careful with the threats, Iran. They can come back to bite you like nobody has been bitten before!
Mexico is doing a far better job than the Democrats on the Border. Thank you Mexico!
If Illegal Immigrants are unhappy with the conditions in the quickly built or refitted detentions centers, just tell them not to come. All problems solved!
.....Now, if you really want to fix the Crisis at the Southern Border, both humanitarian and otherwise, tell migrants not to come into our country unless they are willing to do so legally, and hopefully through a system based on Merit. This way we have no problems at all!
.....came from, and in far safer conditions. No matter how good things actually look, even if perfect, the Democrat visitors will act shocked &amp, aghast at how terrible things are. Just Pols. If they really want to fix them, change the Immigration Laws and Loopholes. So easy to do!
Our Border Patrol people are not hospital workers, doctors or nurses. The Democrats bad Immigration Laws, which could be easily fixed, are the problem. Great job by Border Patrol, above and beyond. Many of these illegals aliens are living far better now than where they.....
The News Reports about the Department of Commerce dropping its quest to put the Citizenship Question on the Census is incorrect or, to state it differently, FAKE! We are absolutely moving forward, as we must, because of the importance of the answer to this question.
Congratulations to Navy Seal Eddie Gallagher, his wonderful wife Andrea, and his entire family. You have been through much together. Glad I could help!
The cost of our great Salute to America tomorrow will be very little compared to what it is worth. We own the planes, we have the pilots, the airport is right next door (Andrews), all we need is the fuel. We own the tanks and all. Fireworks are donated by two of the greats. Nice!
China and Europe playing big currency manipulation game and pumping money into their system in order to compete with USA. We should MATCH, or continue being the dummies who sit back and politely watch as other countries continue to play their games - as they have for many years!
S&amp,P 500 hits new record high. Up 19% for the year. Congratulations!
We have the greatest economy anywhere in the world. We have the greatest military anywhere in the world. Not bad!
Our July 4th Salute to America at the Lincoln Memorial is looking to be really big. It will be the show of a lifetime!
Iran was violating the 150 Billion Dollar (plus 1.8 Billion Dollar in CASH) Nuclear Deal with the United States, and others who paid NOTHING, long before I became President - and they have now breached their stockpile limit. Not good!
....to do whatever is necessary to bring this most vital of questions, and this very important case, to a successful conclusion. USA! USA! USA!
A very sad time for America when the Supreme Court of the United States won’t allow a question of “Is this person a Citizen of the United States?” to be asked on the #2020 Census! Going on for a long time. I have asked the Department of Commerce and the Department of Justice....
Thanks @RobertJeffress! https://t.co/wFZyCyh3W6
More great information from the @NatlParkService for Thursday’s Fourth of July Celebration here in Washington, D.C. #SaluteToAmerica🇺🇸 https://t.co/AiZKkvBsh7
....Judy is a Founding Member of the board of directors of Empower America and has served on the board of directors of Hilton Hotels.
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Judy Shelton, Ph. D., U.S. Executive Dir, European Bank of Reconstruction &amp, Development to be on the board of the Federal Reserve....
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Judy Shelton, Ph. D., U.S. Executive Dir, European Bank of Reconstruction &amp, Development. Judy is a Founding Member of the board of directors of Empower America and has served on the board of directors of Hilton Hotels.
....Prior to his current position, Christopher served as a professor and Chair of Economics at Notre Dame.
I am pleased to announce that it is my intention to nominate Christopher Waller, Ph. D., Executive VP and Director of Research, Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, Missouri, to be on the board of the Federal Reserve....
"Thanks to “Phantom Fireworks” and “Fireworks by Grucci"" for their generosity in donating the biggest fireworks show Washington D.C. has ever seen. CEO's Bruce Zoldan and Phil Grucci are helping to make this the greatest 4th of July celebration in our Nations history!"
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you Prime Minster Abe for inviting me to address heads of State on the economic + national security imperative of ec...
https://t.co/4FMs202NrW
Robert Mueller is being asked to testify yet again. He said he could only stick to the Report, &amp, that is what he would and must do. After so much testimony &amp, total transparency, this Witch Hunt must now end. No more Do Overs. No Collusion, No Obstruction. The Great Hoax is dead!
Big 4th of July in D.C. “Salute to America.” The Pentagon &amp, our great Military Leaders are thrilled to be doing this &amp, showing to the American people, among other things, the strongest and most advanced Military anywhere in the World. Incredible Flyovers &amp, biggest ever Fireworks!
The Economy is the BEST IT HAS EVER BEEN! Even much of the Fake News is giving me credit for that!
As most people are aware, according to the Polls, I won EVERY debate, including the three with Crooked Hillary Clinton, despite the fact that in the first debate, they modulated the sound on me, and got caught. This crew looks somewhat easier than Crooked, but you never know?
Mark Levin has written a big number one bestselling book called, conspicuously and accurately, “Unfreedom of the Press.” It is a great book that tells it like it is, fake news and all. Keep this book number one!
...Texas will defend them &amp, indemnify them against political harassment by New York State and Governor Cuomo. So many people are leaving New York for Texas and Florida that it is totally under siege. First New York taxes you too high, then they sue you, just to complete the job
People are fleeing New York like never before. If they own a business, they are twice as likely to flee. And if they are a victim of harassment by the A.G. of the state, like what they are doing to our great NRA, which I think will move quickly to Texas, where they are loved.....
I will be interviewed by @TuckerCarlson tonight at 8:00pm on @FoxNews!
....In the meantime, our teams will be meeting to work on some solutions to very long term and persistent problems. No rush, but I am sure we will ultimately get there!
It was great being with Chairman Kim Jong Un of North Korea this weekend. We had a great meeting, he looked really well and very healthy - I look forward to seeing him again soon....
I am excited to announce that @MercedesSchlapp will soon be joining our Campaign. She feels so strongly about our Country &amp, its future. We are setting records in so many ways, &amp, we will keep it going. Mercedes has done a fantastic job within the Administration &amp, I am so thankful!
That’s right, The Trump Foundation gave away 100% plus, with Zero rent or expenses charged, and has been being sued by Cuomo and New York State for years - another part of the political Witch Hunt. Just in case anyone is interested - Clinton Foundation never even looked at!
....New York businesses in search of anything at all they can find to make me look as bad as possible. So, on top of ridiculously high taxes, my children and companies are spending a fortune on lawyers. No wonder people and businesses are fleeing New York in record numbers!
....more money than it had. Going on for years, originally brought by Crooked Hillary’s Campaign Chair, A.G. Eric Schneiderman, until forced to resign for abuse against women. They never even looked at the disgusting Clinton Foundation. Now Cuomo’s A.G. is harassing all of my....
It is very hard and expensive to live in New York. Governor Andrew Cuomo uses his Attorney General as a bludgeoning tool for his own purposes. They sue on everything, always in search of a crime. I even got sued on a Foundation which took Zero rent &amp, expenses &amp, gave away...
.....why President Trump has to deal with North Korea the way it is now. He had to figure out what to do with the Korea mess. I think this is why the President deserves a lot of credit.” Harry Kazianis, Center for the National Interest. Thank you!
“In my opinion the President has done more good on the Korean issue in the last year and a half than President Obama did in eight years. If you look at the strides they made during the Obama years, which advocated strategic patience-they stuck their head in the sand. This is.....
Congratulations to Prime Minister Abe of Japan for hosting such a fantastic and well run G-20. There wasn’t a thing that was missing or a mistake that was made. PERFECT! The people of Japan must be very proud of their Prime Minister.
Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for hosting the American Delegation and me immediately following the very successful G-20 in Japan. While there, it was great to call on Chairman Kim of North Korea to have our very well covered meeting. Good things can happen for all!
Congratulations to legislators in New Jersey for not passing taxes that would have driven large numbers of high end taxpayers out of the state. Many were planning to leave, &amp, will now be staying. New York &amp, others should start changing their thought process on taxes, fast!
“Stocks Cap Best First Half Since 1997” @WSJ Our Country is doing great!
“Stocks Cap Best First Half Since 1997” @WallStreetJour  Our Country is doing great!
“Stock had the Best First Half since 1997.” @WallStreetJour  Our Country is doing great - the talk of the world!
So many amazing things happened over the last three days. All, or at least most of those things, are great for the United States. Much was accomplished!
https://t.co/ctb5YJL1Vb
Leaving South Korea after a wonderful meeting with Chairman Kim Jong Un. Stood on the soil of North Korea, an important statement for all, and a great honor!
RT @TheBlueHouseKR: @realDonaldTrump @moonriver365 @hellopolicy @mofa_kr @SecPompeo 오울렛 초소에서 브리핑을 받고 북측을 바라보며 대화하는 한.미 정상의 모습. 오울렛 초소는 한국전쟁...
The leaders of virtually every country that I met at the G-20 congratulated me on our great economy. Many countries are having difficulties on that score. We have the best economy anywhere in the world, with GREAT &amp, UNLIMITED potential looking into the future!
The highly respected Farm Journal has just announced my Approval Rating with our great Farmers at 74%, and that despite all of the Fake &amp, Corrupt News that they are forced to endure. Farmers have been unfairly treated for many years - and that is turning around FAST!
I am in South Korea now. President Moon and I have “toasted” our new Trade Deal, a far better one for us than that which it replaced. Today I will visit with, and speak to, our Troops - and also go to the the DMZ (long planned). My meeting with President Moon went very well!
....again with China as our relationship with them continues to be a very good one. The quality of the transaction is far more important to me than speed. I am in no hurry, but things look very good! There will be no reduction in the Tariffs currently being charged to China.
....amounts of agricultural product from our great Farmers. At the request of our High Tech companies, and President Xi, I agreed to allow Chinese company Huawei to buy product from them which will not impact our  National Security. Importantly, we have opened up negotiations...
I had a great meeting with President Xi of China yesterday, far better than expected. I agreed not to increase the already existing Tariffs that we charge China while we continue to negotiate. China has agreed that, during the negotiation, they will begin purchasing large.....
I am in South Korea now. President Moon and I have “toasted” our new Trade Deal, a far better one for us than that which it replaced. Today I will visit with, and speak to, our Troops - and also go the the DMZ (long planned). My meeting with President Moon went very well!
.....again with China as our relationship with them continues to be a very good one. The quality of the transaction is far more important to me than speed. I am in no hurry, but things look very good! Their will be no reduction in the Tariffs currently being charged to China.
....No Collusion, No Obstruction! Robert Mueller said he was done after his last 9 minute news conference, as later corrected. Now the Dems want to  give it another try. Does it ever end?
.....amounts of agricultural product from our great Farmers. At the request of our High Tech companies, and President Xi, I agreed to allow Chinese company Huawei to buy product from them which will not impact our  National Security. Importantly, we have opened up negotiations...
I had a great meeting with President Xi of China yesterday, far better than expected. I agreed not to increase the already existing Tariffs that we charge China while we continue to negotiate. China has agreed that, during the negotiation, they will begin purchasing large......
Thank you #G20OsakaSummit https://t.co/9FCqSuR5Bp
After some very important meetings, including my meeting with President Xi of China, I will be leaving Japan for South Korea (with President Moon). While there, if Chairman Kim of North Korea sees this, I would meet him at the Border/DMZ just to shake his hand and say Hello(?)!
54% in Poll! I would be at 75% (with our great economy, maybe the best ever) if not for the Phony Witch Hunt and the Fake News Media!
I am in Japan at the G-20, representing our Country well, but I heard it was not a good day for Sleepy Joe or Crazy Bernie. One is exhausted, the other is nuts - so what’s the big deal?
The Stock Market went up massively from the day after I won the Election, all the way up to the day that I took office, because of the enthusiasm for the fact that I was going to be President. That big Stock Market increase must be credited to me. If Hillary won - a Big Crash!
It was my great honor to host Canadian Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau at the @WhiteHouse today!🇺🇸🇨🇦 https://t.co/orlejZ9FFs
All Democrats just raised their hands for giving millions of illegal aliens unlimited healthcare. How about taking care of American Citizens first!? That’s the end of that race!
Great to be back in Japan for the #G20OsakaSummithttps://t.co/ZUwla1UMAQ
Bipartisan Humanitarian Aid Bill for the Southern Border just passed. A great job done by all! Now we must work to get rid of the Loopholes and fix Asylum. Thank you also to Mexico for the work being done on helping with Illegal Immigration - a very big difference!
.....United States Supreme Court is given additional information from which it can make a final and decisive decision on this very critical matter. Can anyone really believe that as a great Country, we are not able the ask whether or not someone is a Citizen. Only in America!
Seems totally ridiculous that our government, and indeed Country, cannot ask a basic question of Citizenship in a very expensive, detailed and important Census, in this case for 2020. I have asked the lawyers if they can delay the Census, no matter how long, until the.....
Thank you! #G20Summit https://t.co/28Y5rPE3BE
Thank you @MSNBC, real professionals! @chucktodd @maddow https://t.co/7ZCkcUQ4yA
I look forward to speaking with Prime Minister Modi about the fact that India, for years having put very high Tariffs against the United States, just recently increased the Tariffs even further. This is unacceptable and the Tariffs must be withdrawn!
https://t.co/JDS4zVfyBe
Just stopped in Alaska and said hello to our GREAT troops! https://t.co/oLYn1mpaVm
.@NBCNews and @MSNBC should be ashamed of themselves for having such a horrible technical breakdown in the middle of the debate. Truly unprofessional and only worthy of a FAKE NEWS Organization, which they are!
BORING!
These flyers depict Australia’s policy on Illegal Immigration. Much can be learned! https://t.co/QgGU0gyjRS
.@ByronYork: “What now, for those who denied a 'crisis' at the border?” https://t.co/g0EO7Xs0yE
....They came to me asking for help, and I got Criminal Justice Reform passed, with help from both Republicans and Democrats. Many said that nobody but President Trump could have done this. All previous administrations failed. Please ask why THEY failed to the candidates!
Ever since the passage of the Super Predator Crime Bill, pushed hard by @JoeBiden, together with Bill and Crooked Hillary Clinton, which inflicted great pain on many, but especially the African American Community, Democrats have tried and failed to pass Criminal Justice Reform...
For tonight’s #DemDebate, be sure to follow @TeamTrump, @TrumpWarRoom, @Parscale, @KayleighMcEnany, @TimMurtaugh, and @Marc_Lotter for RAPID RESPONSE, FACT CHECKING, and the TRUTH! #MAGA #KAG Sorry, I’m on Air Force One, off to save the Free World!
....and all of the others who have leaked, lied and did so many other terrible things? How is it even possible that these people are not being brought forward? Because it is a Rigged Democrat Con Game, and the Fake and Corrupt Media loves every minute of it!
Why aren’t the Democrats in the House calling Comey, Brennan, Clapper, Page and her FBI lover (whose invaluable phone records were illegally deleted), Crooked Hillary, Podesta, Ohr (and Nellie), the GPS Fusion characters, Christopher Steele, the DNC (&amp, their missing server)....
The Republican Senate just passed bipartisan humanitarian assistance for our Southern Border, 84-8! In addition to aid, Congress must close the catastrophic loopholes that are driving the Crisis. We must end incentives for Smuggling Children, Trafficking Women, and Selling Drugs.
German DAX way up due to stimulus remarks from Mario Draghi. Very unfair to the United States!
According to Fake News (and low ratings) @CNN, “Democrats say hearings could change impeachment debate.” That’s because they have lost the impeachment debate (80% say NO), and they are hoping that yet another DO OVER, after 2 1/2 years and $40,000,000, will turn things around....
“I have been in office for many years, the Military is very important to me, and at no time in my professional life has the U.S. Military been as strong as it is right now.” Thank you @LindseyGrahamSC
https://t.co/mudnBtvWO1
The Democrats would save many lives if they would change our broken and very DANGEROUS Immigration Laws. It can be done instantly!
Just departed for the #G20 Summit in Osaka, Japan!🇺🇸🇯🇵 https://t.co/IdAYUOiWqf
The Democrats should change the Loopholes and Asylum Laws so lives will be saved at our Southern Border. They said it was not a crisis at the Border, that it was all just “manufactured.” Now they admit that I was right - But they must do something about it. Fix the Laws NOW!
It was my great honor to speak at the Faith &amp, Freedom Coalition Conference today in Washington, D.C. Thank you! #RTM2019 https://t.co/KknwcFhawb
Iran made a very big mistake!
Thank you @MarkLevinShow! #MAGA https://t.co/kff84hFgKP
....invited Megan or the team, but I am now inviting the TEAM, win or lose. Megan should never disrespect our Country, the White House, or our Flag, especially since so much has been done for her &amp, the team. Be proud of the Flag that you wear. The USA is doing GREAT!
....in our Country’s history, and the poverty index is also best number EVER), leagues and teams love coming to the White House. I am a big fan of the American Team, and Women’s Soccer, but Megan should WIN first before she TALKS! Finish the job! We haven’t yet....
Women’s soccer player, @mPinoe, just stated that she is “not going to the F...ing White House if we win.” Other than the NBA, which now refuses to call owners, owners (please explain that I just got Criminal Justice Reform passed, Black unemployment is at the lowest level...
....invited Megan or the team, but I am now inviting the TEAM, win or lose. Megan should never disrespect our Country, the White House, or our Flag, especially since so much has been done for her &amp, the team. Be proud of the Flag that you wear. The USA is doing GREAT!
....in our Country’s history, and the poverty index is also best number EVER), leagues and teams love coming to the White House. I am a big fan of the American Team, and Women’s Soccer, but Megan should WIN first before she TALKS! Finish the job! We haven’t yet....
Women’s soccer player, @meganrapino, just stated that she is “not going to the F...ing White House if we win.” Other than the NBA, which now refuses to call owners, owners (please explain that I just got Criminal Justice Reform passed, Black unemployment is at the lowest level...
Democrats want Open Borders, which equals violent crime, drugs and human trafficking. They also want very high taxes, like 90%. Republicans want what’s good for America - the exact opposite!
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo today at 8:15 A.M. on @FoxBusiness. Enjoy!
Too bad the Dems in Congress won’t do anything at all about Border Security. They want Open Borders, which means crime. But we are getting it done, including building the Wall! More people than ever before are coming because the USA Economy is so good, the best in history.
"RT @ABC: Jared Kushner speaks at U.S. Mideast peace plan conference in Bahrain: ""For a moment, imagine a new reality in the Middle East."" h..."
RT @FLOTUS: Looking forward to collaborating with all of our #BeBest Ambassadors. Delighted to be working alongside so many people both ins...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Stock Market is heading for one of the best months (June) in the history of our Country. Thank you Mr. President!
RT @SecretaryAcosta: Headed to Texas today to discuss #apprenticeship expansion, #PledgetoAmericasWorkers, and the #USMCA. Texas has added...
RT @dougducey: Proud to stand with 27 other governors in calling for Congress to ratify #USMCA. It updates our nation’s trade agreements wi...
RT @Jim_Jordan: Tomorrow’s hearing on the “Hatch Act” is just the latest attempt to silence the Trump administration.@KellyannePolls is a...
RT @mike_pence: What Americans hear tomorrow night will only confirm that Mexico has done more in the last 10 DAYS to secure the southern b...
RT @CLewandowski_: #BREAKING: Melania Trump's senior aide to replace Sarah Sanders–Stephanie Grisham will be press secretary AND communicat...
RT @ericbolling: Great choice @realDonaldTrump choosing @StephGrisham45 as your @PressSec !! https://t.co/jpv8z421TQ
RT @IvankaTrump: Great keynoting the Senate’s weekly policy lunch and discussing workforce development policy, Higher Ed Act reauthorizatio...
RT @EricTrump: I hope everyone reads and watches this video to see the corruption of big tech. ⁦@Google⁩ should be absolutely ashamed. Un...
RT @mike_pence: America needs 4 more years of prosperity, 4 more years of security, and 4 MORE YEARS of President @realDonaldTrump! #KeepAm...
RT @PressSec: .@StephGrisham45 will be an incredible asset to the President and the country. I’m sad to leave the WH, but so happy our team...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Staff Sgt. David Bellavia - today, we honor your extraordinary courage, we salute your selfless service, and we thank...
RT @mike_pence: Latino Americans know that it was freedom, not socialism, that gave us the most prosperous and powerful nation in the histo...
RT @MariaBartiromo: Tomorrow exclusive join us as ⁦@POTUS⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ joins me #LIVE ⁦@MorningsMaria⁩ ⁦⁦@FoxBusiness⁩ 8am et https:...
Wow, @FoxNews did great in the ratings. CNN is dead as a door nail(no credibility), and MSNBC is dying fast. @foxandfriends and @MariaBartiromo are doing great! https://t.co/0sFBVmjR7f
RT @JudicialWatch: A Judicial Watch lawsuit forced the state of California to begin removing more than 1.5 million potentially invalid name...
RT @JudicialWatch: Hillary Clinton is not above the law, yet she has a record of contempt for the rule of law. Our leaders are bound by the...
RT @JudicialWatch: .@TomFitton: “CA settled with JW &amp, is taking steps to remove 1.5M inactive voters from the rolls. It’s important for ele...
Presidential Harassment!
Senator Thom Tillis of North Carolina has really stepped up to the plate. Thom is tough on Crime, Strong on the Border and fights hard against Illegal Immigration. He loves our Military, our Vets and our great Second Amendment. I give Thom my Full and Total Endorsement!
Staff Sgt. David Bellavia - today, we honor your extraordinary courage, we salute your selfless service, and we thank you for carrying on the legacy of American Valor that has always made our blessed nation the strongest and mightiest in the world! https://t.co/pQ3dhhaSpE
Today, it was my great honor to present the Medal of Honor to Army Staff Sgt. David Bellavia (HERO) for his courageous actions as a squad leader in Fallujah. #MOH https://t.co/FkNCazkWWo
....Martha is strong on Crime and Borders, the 2nd Amendment, and loves our Military and Vets. She has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
A brave former fighter jet pilot and warrior, Senator Martha McSally of Arizona has done an outstanding job in D.C., and is fully supportive of our agenda – she is with us all the way....
....Iran’s very ignorant and insulting statement, put out today, only shows that they do not understand reality. Any attack by Iran on anything American will be met with great and overwhelming force. In some areas, overwhelming will mean obliteration. No more John Kerry &amp, Obama!
....The wonderful Iranian people are suffering, and for no reason at all. Their leadership spends all of its money on Terror, and little on anything else. The U.S. has not forgotten Iran’s use of IED’s &amp, EFP’s (bombs), which killed 2000 Americans, and wounded many more...
Iran leadership doesn’t understand the words “nice” or “compassion,” they never have. Sadly, the thing they do understand is Strength and Power, and the USA is by far the most powerful Military Force in the world, with 1.5 Trillion Dollars invested over the last two years alone..
Stock Market is heading for one of the best months (June) in the history of our Country. Thank you Mr. President!
RT @SteveScalise: Thank you @IvankaTrump for joining me and our Republican Whip Team at the Capitol tonight to talk about the work you’re d...
RT @mike_pence: Looking forward to being in Miami today to kick off the @TeamTrump Latino Coalition! Under @realDonaldTrump more Hispanic A...
RT @VP: Mexico is keeping its promise &amp, now sending 15,000 troops to border to help with crisis. Meanwhile Dems won’t fund beds for migrant...
I am pleased to announce the launch of https://t.co/D1MY2aPC7f. This new platform will allow my campaign and other Republicans to compete with the Democrats money machine. This has been a priority of mine and I’m pleased to share that it is up and running! #KeepAmericaGreat
....Think of what it could have been if the Fed had gotten it right. Thousands of points higher on the Dow, and GDP in the 4’s or even 5’s. Now they stick, like a stubborn child, when we need rates cuts, &amp, easing, to make up for what other countries are doing against us. Blew it!
Despite a Federal Reserve that doesn’t know what it is doing - raised rates far too fast (very low inflation, other parts of world slowing, lowering &amp, easing) &amp, did large scale tightening, $50 Billion/month, we are on course to have one of the best Months of June in US history...
....Think of what it could have been if the Fed had gotten it right. Thousands of points higher on the Dow, and GDP in the 4’s or even 5’s. Now they stick, like a stubborn child, when we need rates cuts, &amp, easing, to make up for what other countries are doing against us. Blew it!
Despite a Federal Reserve that doesn’t know what it is doing - raised rates far to fast (very low inflation, other parts of world slowing, lowering &amp, easing) &amp, did large scale tightening, $50 Billion/month, we are on course to have one of the best Months of June in U.S. history..
“ECB officials see Rate Cut as primary tool for any new stimulus.”  @business
....a dangerous journey. We don’t even need to be there in that the U.S. has just become (by far) the largest producer of Energy anywhere in the world! The U.S. request for Iran is very simple - No Nuclear Weapons and No Further Sponsoring of Terror!
China gets 91% of its Oil from the Straight, Japan 62%, &amp, many other countries likewise. So why are we protecting the shipping lanes for other countries (many years) for zero compensation. All of these countries should be protecting their own ships on what has always been....
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/SSWnX8oQ65
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/gw9cXRTtaR
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/GY34Y0OeAS
RT @HolcombForIN: Governor Holcomb is working hard alongside @IvankaTrump, Commerce @SecretaryRoss &amp, America's top CEOs to scale Indiana's...
RT @IvankaTrump: “The Trump administration served as a catalyst for perhaps the largest criminal justice public-private-partnership ever as...
RT @VP: Mexico has done more to secure our border in 10 days than Democrats in Congress have in 10 YEARS. The time to put Americans first i...
https://t.co/GY34Y0OeAS
https://t.co/gw9cXRTtaR
When our Country had no debt and built everything from Highways to the Military with CASH, we had a big system of Tariffs. Now we allow other countries to steal our wealth, treasure, and jobs - But no more! The USA is doing great, with unlimited upside into the future!
Wonderful Church service at Camp David. Thank you!
I want to give the Democrats every last chance to quickly negotiate simple changes to Asylum and Loopholes. This will fix the Southern Border, together with the help that Mexico is now giving us. Probably won’t happen, but worth a try. Two weeks and big Deportation begins!
I never called the strike against Iran “BACK,” as people are incorrectly reporting, I just stopped it from going forward at this time!
https://t.co/SSWnX8oQ65
At the request of Democrats, I have delayed the Illegal Immigration Removal Process (Deportation) for two weeks to see if the Democrats and Republicans can get together and work out a solution to the Asylum and Loophole problems at the Southern Border. If not, Deportations start!
....Sanctions come off Iran, and they become a productive and prosperous nation again - The sooner the better!
Iran cannot have Nuclear Weapons! Under the terrible Obama plan, they would have been on their way to Nuclear in a short number of years, and existing verification is not acceptable. We are putting major additional Sanctions on Iran on Monday. I look forward to the day that.....
I am at Camp David working on many things, including Iran! We have a great Economy, Tariffs have been very helpful both with respect to the huge Dollars coming IN, &amp, on helping to make good Trade Deals. The Dow heading to BEST June in 80 years! Stock Market BEST June in 50 years!
https://t.co/mUc2KZFZON
Thank you Jessica! https://t.co/gxNRfFqZCm
A great book! https://t.co/QwB46HVpmv
RT @EricTrump: The crowds and the spirit outside the Amway Center waiting for @realDonaldTrump is absolutely incredible! #Orlando #2020 #Ma...
RT @EricTrump: This isn’t a campaign, this is a movement! Thank you Orlando - we love you! #Florida #KeepAmericaGreat 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https://t.co/M...
Looking good. We MUST WIN to KEEP AMERICA GREAT! https://t.co/ADULIQ0tO1
RT @EricTrump: Behind the scenes in #Orlando - what an amazing night! ⁦@DonaldJTrumpJr⁩ ⁦@IvankaTrump⁩ https://t.co/DRqicdEFFY
Stock Market is on track to have the best June in over 50 years! Thank you Mr. President! @WSJ
Stock Market is on track to have the best June in over 50 years! Thank you Mr. President! @WallStreetJour
When people come into our Country illegally, they will be DEPORTED!
The people that Ice will apprehend have already been ordered to be deported. This means that they have run from the law and run from the courts. These are people that are supposed to go back to their home country. They broke the law by coming into the country, &amp, now by staying.
RT @Jim_Jordan: There is a crisis at our border. Time for Congress to wake up, secure the border, and #DoWhatWeSaid. https://t.co/GCCJ9sYDkR
"RT @RepMarkMeadows: The irony of Washington Democrats all but ignoring the dire situation at the border: they're calling it a ""manufactured..."
RT @GOP: Under @realDonaldTrump’s leadership, Florida is THRIVING!  Read more from Pam Bondi— former AG of Florida⬇️https://t.co/pLNpaO4...
https://t.co/JDS4zUXXJG
....proportionate to shooting down an unmanned drone. I am in no hurry, our Military is rebuilt, new,  and ready to go, by far the best in the world. Sanctions are biting &amp, more added last night. Iran can NEVER have Nuclear Weapons, not against the USA, and not against the WORLD!
....On Monday they shot down an unmanned drone flying in International Waters. We were cocked &amp, loaded to retaliate last night on 3 different sights when I asked, how many will die. 150 people, sir, was the answer from a General. 10 minutes before the strike I stopped it, not....
....Death to America. I terminated deal, which was not even ratified by Congress, and imposed strong sanctions. They are a much weakened nation today than at the beginning of my Presidency, when they were causing major problems throughout the Middle East. Now they are Bust!....
President Obama made a desperate and terrible deal with Iran - Gave them 150 Billion Dollars plus I.8 Billion Dollars in CASH! Iran was in big trouble and he bailed them out. Gave them a free path to Nuclear Weapons, and SOON. Instead of saying thank you, Iran yelled.....
....”This Russia Collusion Hoax was perpetrated in part by people inside the government, and in part by a compliant (Fake News) media.” Mollie Hemingway.  @TuckerCarlson @foxandfriends  The facts are starting to pour out. Stay tuned!
Just revealed that the Failing and Desperate New York Times was feeding false stories about me, &amp, those associated with me, to the FBI. This shows the kind of unprecedented hatred I have been putting up with for years with this Crooked newspaper. Is what they have done legal?...
“The President has a really good story to tell. We have unemployment lower than we’ve seen in decades. We have people who stopped looking for work coming back into the labor force. We are in a record growth period.” Michael Steel @MSNBC (do you believe?)
S&amp,P opens at Record High!
Since Election Day 2016, Stocks up almost 50%, Stocks gained 9.2 Trillion Dollars in value, and more than 5,000,000 new jobs added to the Economy. @LouDobbs If our opponent had won, there would have been a market crash, plain and simple! @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity @IngrahamAngle
Congratulations to President Lopez Obrador — Mexico voted to ratify the USMCA today by a huge margin. Time for Congress to do the same here!
Just returning from Orlando and Doral (Miami), Florida, and heading to the Oval Office, where I will present the great Economist, Dr. Arthur Laffer, with the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
I will be interviewed LIVE tonight by @seanhannity on @FoxNews  9 P.M. Enjoy!
....asking Hillary Clinton why she deleted and acid washed her Emails AFTER getting a subpoena from Congress? Anybody else would be in jail for that, yet the Dems refuse to even bring it up. Rigged House Committee
So sad that the Democrats are putting wonderful Hope Hicks through hell, for 3 years now, after total exoneration by Robert Mueller &amp, the Mueller Report. They were unhappy with result so they want a Do Over. Very unfair &amp, costly to her. Will it ever end? Why aren’t they.......
If I didn’t have the Phony Witch Hunt going on for 3 years, and if the Fake News Media and their partner in Crime, the Democrats, would have played it straight, I would be way up in the Polls right now - with our Economy, winning by 20 points. But I’m winning anyway!
DEMOCRAT CONGRESSIONAL HEARINGS ARE #RIGGED!
....33,000 Emails that Hillary and her lawyer deleted and acid washed AFTER GETTING A SUBPOENA FROM CONGRESS? That is real Obstruction that the Dems want no part of because their hearings are RIGGED and a disgrace to our Country!
The Dems are very unhappy with the Mueller Report, so after almost 3 years, they want a Redo, or Do Over. This is extreme Presidential Harassment. They gave Crooked Hillary’s people complete Immunity, yet now they bring back Hope Hicks. Why aren’t the Dems looking at the.....
THANK YOU! #Trump2020🇺🇸 https://t.co/recnmmYAFN
Don’t ever forget - this election is about YOU. It is about YOUR family, YOUR future, &amp, the fate of YOUR COUNTRY. We begin our campaign with the best record, the best results, the best agenda, &amp, the only positive VISION for our Country’s future! #Trump2020 https://t.co/Vmu28hKQh6
In the ultimate act of moral cowardice, not one Democrat Candidate for president - not a single one - has stood up to defend the incredible men and women of ICE and Border Patrol. They don’t have the character, the virtue, or the spine! #Trump2020 https://t.co/oULNnVtxmW
On no issue are Democrats more extreme – and more depraved – than when it comes to Border Security. The Democrat Agenda of open borders is morally reprehensible. It is the great betrayal of the American Middle Class and our Country as a whole! #Trump2020 https://t.co/f9RJhpp50J
Together, we are breaking the most sacred rule in Washington Politics: we are KEEPING our promises to the American People. Because my only special interest is YOU! #Trump2020 https://t.co/bYyK6sOrak
THANK YOU ORLANDO, FLORIDA!https://t.co/Va9FhByJi0
Join me LIVE tonight in Orlando, Florida at 8:00 P.M. Eastern as we kickoff #Trump2020. Enjoy!
Departing for Orlando, Florida with @FLOTUS Melania! https://t.co/EB2ewYArUP
....I thank Pat for his outstanding service and will be naming Secretary of the Army, Mark Esper, to be the new Acting Secretary of Defense. I know Mark, and have no doubt he will do a fantastic job!
Acting Secretary of Defense Patrick Shanahan, who has done a wonderful job, has decided not to go forward with his confirmation process so that he can devote more time to his family....
Had a very good telephone conversation with President Xi of China. We will be having an extended meeting next week at the G-20 in Japan. Our respective teams will begin talks prior to our meeting.
The Fake News doesn’t report it, but Republican enthusiasm is at an all time   high. Look what is going on in Orlando, Florida, right now! People have never seen anything like it (unless you play a guitar). Going to be wild - See you later!
European Markets rose on comments (unfair to U.S.) made today by Mario D!
Mario Draghi just announced more stimulus could come, which immediately dropped the Euro against the Dollar, making it unfairly easier for them to compete against the USA. They have been getting away with this for years, along with China and others.
Only a few people showed up for the so-called Impeachment rallies over the weekend. The numbers were anemic, no spirit, no hope. More importantly, No Collusion, No Obstruction!
Wow!  The State Department said it has identified 30 Security Incidents involving current or former employees and their handling of Crooked Hillary Clinton’s Emails. @FoxNews  This is really big. Never admitted before. Highly Classified Material. Will the Dems investigate this?
The story in the @nytimes about the U.S. escalating attacks on Russia’s power grid is Fake News, and the Failing New York Times knows it. They should immediately release their sources which, if they exist at all, which I doubt, are phony. Times must be held fully accountable!
Thousands of people are already lined up in Orlando, some two days before tomorrow nights big Rally. Large Screens and food trucks will be there for those that can’t get into the 25,000 capacity arena. It will be a very exciting evening! Make America Great Again!
....long before they get to our Southern Border. Guatemala is getting ready to sign a Safe-Third Agreement. The only ones who won’t do anything are the Democrats in Congress. They must vote to get rid of the loopholes, and fix asylum! If so, Border Crisis will end quickly!
Next week ICE will begin the process of removing the millions of illegal aliens who have illicitly found their way into the United States. They will be removed as fast as they come in. Mexico, using their strong immigration laws, is doing a very good job of stopping people.......
.@FoxNews Polls are always bad for me. They were against Crooked Hillary also. Something weird going on at Fox. Our polls show us leading in all 17 Swing States. For the record, I didn’t spend 30 hours with @abcnews, but rather a tiny fraction of that. More Fake News  @BretBaier
One size doesn’t fit all - I support West Virginia Schools. Keep up the great work, @WVGovernor Big Jim Justice -  I am with you! https://t.co/EomFLcBjlz
“Iran to defy Uranium Stockpile Limits”
Only Fake Polls show us behind the Motley Crew. We are looking really good, but it is far too early to be focused on that. Much work to do! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Big Rally tomorrow night in Orlando, Florida, looks to be setting records. We are building large movie screens outside to take care of everybody. Over 100,000 requests. Our Country is doing great, far beyond what the haters &amp, losers thought possible - and it will only get better!
Thank you Mr. Prime Minister, a great honor! https://t.co/ozLz84g3i0
RT @i24NEWS_EN: Earlier today, @netanyahu and @USAmbIsrael held a ceremony for the inauguration of 'Trump Heights' — a town in #Israel's Go...
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: Very glad to see Mexico working with President @realDonaldTrump to up their game and deal with immigration from Centra...
Congratulations to Gary Woodland in winning the United States Open Golf Championship. Fantastic playing, great heart - there will be more in Gary’s future!
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. “I think we have a very real risk of losing the Presidency to Donald Trump.” I agree, and that is the only reason they play the impeach card, which cannot be legally used!
Almost 70% in new Poll say don’t impeach. So ridiculous to even be talking about this subject when all of the crimes were committed by the other side. They can’t win the election fairly!
RT @DanScavino: “Millennial fighting rare bone cancer responds to @JoeBiden vow: Law supported by @realDonaldTrump helped save my life” htt...
So nice! https://t.co/oraaFoPByj
......If Republicans ever did that to the Democrats, there would be all hell to pay. It would be a scandal like no other!
When will the Fake News Media start asking Democrats if they are OK with the hiring of Christopher Steele, a foreign agent, paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC, to dig up “dirt” and write a phony Dossier against the Presidential Candidate of the opposing party.........
Thank you PM @Netanyahu and the State of Israel for this great honor!🇺🇸🇮🇱 https://t.co/OUcf6s98UX
https://t.co/9T50NuGW28
Happy Father’s Day to all, including my worst and most vicious critics, of which there are fewer and fewer. This is a FANTASTIC time to be an American! KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
.....news is that at the end of 6 years, after America has been made GREAT again and I leave the beautiful White House (do you think the people would demand that I stay longer? KEEP AMERICA GREAT), both of these horrible papers will quickly go out of business &amp, be forever gone!
A poll should be done on which is the more dishonest and deceitful newspaper, the Failing New York Times or the Amazon (lobbyist) Washington Post! They are both a disgrace to our Country, the Enemy of the People, but I just can’t seem to figure out which is worse? The good.....
.....saying enough. Democrat voters want to hear the politicians talking about issues. This is a huge distraction and will only help Donald Trump get elected.” @JedediahBila  “Greatest President since Ronald Reagan” said a counter-protester. LehighValleyLive
Yesterday was the Radical Left Democrats big Impeachment day. They worked so hard to make it something really big and special but had one problem - almost nobody showed up. “The Media admits low turnout for anti-Trump rallies.” @FoxNews  “All around the Country people are.......
Congratulations to great guy Pete Hegseth and wonderful Jenny Cunningham on their engagement. They will have a fantastic life together! @foxandfriends
....More and more states want to do this but their governors and leaders don’t have the courage to do so. The politics will soon mandate, however, because people from California, &amp, all over the land, are demanding that Sanctuary Cities be GONE. No illegals, Drugs or Trafficking!
Florida Governor Ron DeSantis just signed Bill banning Sanctuary Cities in State, &amp, forcing all law enforcement agencies to cooperate with Federal Immigration authorities. Bill prohibits local Gov’t from enacting Sanctuary policies that protect undocumented immigrants...@FoxNews
.....ALSO, NOT TRUE! Anything goes with our Corrupt News Media today. They will do, or say, whatever it takes, with not even the slightest thought of consequence! These are true cowards and without doubt, THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Do you believe that the Failing New York Times just did a story stating that the United States is substantially increasing Cyber Attacks on Russia. This is a virtual act of Treason by a once great paper so desperate for a story, any story, even if bad for our Country.....
.....the first 2 1/2 years of his Presidency, including the fact that we have one of the best Economies in the history of our Country. It is called Earned Media. In any event, enjoy the show!
....misleading in that I personally spent only a small fraction of that time doing interviews. I do have a few other things to do, you know!). Think I will do many more Network Interviews, as I did in 2016, in order to get the word out that no President has done what I have in...
I enjoyed my interview with @GStephanopoulos on @ABC. So funny to watch the Fake News Media try to dissect &amp, distort every word in as negative a way as possible. It will be aired on Sunday night at 8:00 P.M., and is called, “President Trump: 30 Hours” (which is somewhat....
.....the first 2 1/2 years of his Presidency, including the fact that we have one of the best Economies in the history of our Country. It is called Earned Media. In any event, enjoy the show!
....misleading in that I personally spent only a small fraction of that time doing interviews. I do have a few other things to do, you know!). Think I will do many more Network Interviews, as I did in 2016, in order to get the word out that no President has done what I have in...
I enjoyed my interview with @GStephanopoulos on @abcnews. So funny to watch the Fake News Media try to dissect &amp, distort every word in as negative a way as possible. It will be aired on Sunday night at 8:00 P.M., and is called, “President Trump: 30 Hours” (which is somewhat....
He is a national disgrace who is destroying the City of London! https://t.co/l3qcUS17jh
RT @PressSec: I am blessed and forever grateful to @realDonaldTrump for the opportunity to serve and proud of everything he’s accomplished....
The Corrupt News Media is totally out of control - they have given up and don’t even care anymore. Mainstream Media has ZERO CREDIBILITY - TOTAL LOSERS!
https://t.co/jlmmOCxk9H
LONDON needs a new mayor ASAP. Khan is a disaster - will only get worse! https://t.co/n7qKI3BbD2
Thank you Steve &amp, family! https://t.co/1lgfJjHRfH
RT @SteveScalise: For weeks Republicans have asked for an emergency funding bill to help fix the worsening border crisis. Immediate action...
The Trump Economy is setting records, and has a long way up to go....However, if anyone but me takes over in 2020 (I know the competition very well), there will be a Market Crash the likes of which has not been seen before! KEEP AMERICA GREAT
“President Trump to launch 2020 Campaign in Florida!”  @foxandfriends  Tuesday will be a Big Crowd and Big Day!
All in for Senator Steve Daines as he proposes an Amendment for a strong BAN on burning our American Flag. A no brainer!
Despite the Greatest Presidential Harassment of all time by people that are very dishonest and want to destroy our Country, we are doing great in the Polls, even better than in 2016, and will be packed at the Tuesday Announcement Rally in Orlando, Florida. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
RT @DanScavino: Dems will keep their (embarrassing) games going on here in THE SWAMP until 2020 because they hate Trump &amp, they think it hel...
RT @DanScavino: President @realDonaldTrump stayed after his commencement speech at the @AF_Academy in Colorado Springs this past Thursday t...
RT @DanScavino: .@realDonaldTrump stops by for an impromptu photo with local school kids in Ireland, who were hoping to catch a glimpse of...
RT @DanScavino: As the worst Mayor in the history of New York City manages his bucket list in Iowa — he also remains steady at ZERO PERCENT...
RT @DanScavino: https://t.co/85xnJ7mpp7
RT @DanScavino: NEVER GETS OLD....https://t.co/SJQE8zxoCm
RT @WhiteHouse: NEXT UP: President @realDonaldTrump speaks on expanding health coverage options for small businesses &amp, workers. https://t.c...
....at which time the Tariffs will be removed. Details from the White House to follow.
RT @TeamTrump: Today, President @realDonaldTrump spoke on expanding health coverage options for American small businesses &amp, workers.Presi...
RT @CLewandowski_: Great to see a strong showing in NH for @realDonaldTrump on his Birthday.  Happy Birthday @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/...
“With over a 50% Approval Rating at this point in his Presidency, analysts believe re-election in 2020 looks (very) promising!” @OANN  Hey, we have accomplished more than any President in the first 2 1/2 years, WHY NOT?
“The latest Polls find 51% of Americans approve of President Trump’s Job Performance. Last month a Democrat Pollster said President Trump’s approval rating has been the most steady of any President in history!” @OANN
RT @WhiteHouse: Opioid addiction can happen to anyone—and we must work together to fight the stigma and save lives, says @Surgeon_General J...
RT @FLOTUS: We must never forget the lives lost and heroic actions made by so many on D-Day in Normandy, France. https://t.co/Uhl3VUPleq
RT @FLOTUS: Great to welcome back President Duda &amp, Mrs. Kornhauser-Duda of Poland at the @WhiteHouse today! https://t.co/A3UxqNUqzn
RT @FLOTUS: Yesterday we honored the incredible friendship between the United States and Poland, and celebrated our proud Polish-American c...
RT @FLOTUS: This Administration remains committed to the fight against the opioid epidemic. Thank you to all who participated in this week’...
RT @marcorubio: This account is really off-base. MLB meeting with @potus wasn’t about resurrecting the old deal,it was about a new &amp, much m...
RT @marcorubio: And yesterday’s attack on a civilian airport in #SaudiArabia by the Houthis using cruise missiles supplied by #IRGC should...
RT @marcorubio: Not just the intelligence shows Iran was behind gulf attacks,common sense does too. It is a fact that only the #IRGC Navy...
RT @marcorubio: Here is video of #IRGC navy returning to the scene of the crime to erase evidence by removing an unexploded Limpet mine fro...
"RT @hughhewitt: ""It may be the single biggest political crime in the history of the United States"" @realDonaldTrump says about #Spygate. ""E..."
RT @TomFitton: Tom Fitton: If There's Anything Watergate-Related, it's the Obama Admin's Actions Targeting @realDonaldTrump - @JudicialWatc...
RT @TomFitton: 4 FBI witness interview reports are “missing”, along with the notes of a meeting between the FBI and the intelligence commun...
RT @TomFitton: As Pelosi House slithers towards impeachment of @RealDonaldTrump, Mueller Report exposed as lying hit job on Trump.  @Judici...
RT @TomFitton: Coup Update: Bruce Ohr gets $28k bonus in middle of Russiagate spying on @RealDonaldTrump -- and then gets a raise AFTER he...
RT @TomFitton: Obama-Clinton-Russia:  The REAL Collusion Scandal, Docs Show Obama State Dept. Launders Steele Dossier to Target @realDonald...
....While Pennsylvania is BOOMING, I don’t want there to be even a little glitch in Coatesville – every job counts. I want Lockhead to BOOM along with it!
Just spoke to Marillyn Hewson, CEO of @LockheedMartin, about continuing operations for the @Sikorsky in Coatesville, Pennsylvania. She will be taking it under advisement and will be  making a decision soon....
RT @RepMarkMeadows: This week President Trump was able to do something no one else could: get the left to care about foreign intel in our e...
Thank you @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell for understanding the Democrats game of not playing it straight on the ridiculous Witch Hunt Hoax in the Senate. Cryin’ Chuck will never stop. Did Senator @MarkWarner ever report speaking to a Russian!?
Thank you @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell for understanding the Democrats game of not playing it straight on the ridiclious Witch Hunt Hoax in the Senate. Cryin’ Chuck will never stop. Did Senator @MarkWarner ever report speaking to a Russian!?
Thank you Senator @MarshaBlackburn for fighting obstructionist Democrats led by Cryin' Chuck Schumer. Democrats continue to look for a do-over on the Mueller Report and will stop at nothing to distract the American people from the great accomplishments of this Administration!
The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE! #MAGA https://t.co/e36YM4QCEx
Announcing great, expanded HRAs—big win for small employers and workers. This is a fantastic plan! My Administration has worked very hard on creating more affordable health coverage. https://t.co/DQbUfGJc1I
The Radical Left Dems are working hard, but THE PEOPLE are much smarter. Working hard, thank you! https://t.co/KDHH5jYbGV
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our GREAT @USArmy. America loves you! #ArmyBday https://t.co/MyypBVGMoW
RT @WhiteHouse: https://t.co/c40BQpZFtW
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy! @FoxNews
Thank you @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo! #POTUSinJapan🇺🇸🇯🇵 https://t.co/fWToB1XotG
Natalie Harp, fighting Stage 2 Cancer and doing really well, was a GREAT guest on @foxandfriends. Right To Try is producing some truly spectacular results. Proud of Natalie!
Thank you Jason Chaffetz! #MAGA https://t.co/sz6LiPXez6
Today we announced vital new actions that we are taking to help former inmates find a job, live a crime-free life, and succeed beyond their dreams....https://t.co/BBQ8gpFunJ
....She is a very special person with extraordinary talents, who has done an incredible job! I hope she decides to run for Governor of Arkansas - she would be fantastic. Sarah, thank you for a job well done!
After 3 1/2 years, our wonderful Sarah Huckabee Sanders will be leaving the White House at the end of the month and going home to the Great State of Arkansas....
"""It is the assessment of the U.S. government that Iran is responsible for today's attacks in the Gulf of Oman....""@StateDept @SecPompeo https://t.co/sTIB0p1kCE"
While I very much appreciate P.M. Abe going to Iran to meet with Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, I personally feel that it is too soon to even think about making a deal. They are not ready, and neither are we!
While I very much appreciate P.M. Abe going to Iran to meet with Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, I personally feel that it is too soon to even think about making a deal. They are not ready, and neither are we!
They’ve been wrong all along! https://t.co/z5tSV2JLEf
....and other really bad people, SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN! They even had an “insurance policy” just in case Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats lost their race for the Presidency! This is the biggest &amp, worst political scandal in the history of the United States of America. Sad!
....which he is a member. When @RepAdamSchiff took calls from another person, also very successfully purporting to be a Russian Operative, did he call the FBI, or even think to call the FBI? NO! The fact is that the phony Witch Hunt is a giant scam where Democrats,...
When Senator @MarkWarnerVA spoke at length, and in great detail, about extremely negative information on me, with a talented entertainer purporting to be a Russian Operative, did he immediately call the FBI? NO, in fact he didn’t even tell the Senate Intelligence Committee of....
....call the FBI about these calls and meetings? How ridiculous! I would never be trusted again. With that being said, my full answer is rarely played by the Fake News Media. They purposely leave out the part that matters.
I meet and talk to “foreign governments” every day. I just met with the Queen of England (U.K.), the Prince of Wales, the P.M. of the United Kingdom, the P.M. of Ireland, the President of France and the President of Poland. We talked about “Everything!” Should I immediately....
.....call the FBI about these calls and meetings? How ridiculous! I would never be trusted again. With that being said, my full answer is rarely played by the Fake News Media. They purposely leave out the part that matters.
I meet and talk to “foreign governments” every day. I just met with the Queen of England (U.K.), the Prince of Whales, the P.M. of the United Kingdom, the P.M. of Ireland, the President of France and the President of Poland. We talked about “Everything!” Should I immediately.....
The Dems fight us at every turn - in the meantime they are accomplishing nothing for the people! They have gone absolutely “Loco,” or Unhinged, as they like to say!
....is not Constitutionally Permissable.” Alan Dershowitz, Constitutional Lawyer
“Congress cannot Impeach President Trump (did nothing wrong) because if they did they would be putting themselves above the law. The Constitution provides criteria for Impeachment - treason, bribery, high crimes &amp,  misdemeanors. Unless there is compelling evidence, Impeachment...
....can to embarrass the Trump Administration (and Republicans), attack the Trump Administration. This is campaigning by the Dems.” Attorney David Bruno. So true! In the meantime they are getting NO work done on Drug Pricing, Infrastructure &amp, many other things.
.....much tougher game than the Republicans did when they had the House Majority. Republicans will remember! “This has already been argued before the U.S. Supreme Court, but the House doesn’t want to wait. This is a common thread between all of the Committees - do whatever you...
Unrelated to Russia, Russia, Russia (although the Radical Left doesn’t use the name Russia anymore since the issuance of the Mueller Report), House Committee now plays the seldom used “Contempt” card on our great A.G. &amp, Sec. of Commerce - this time on the Census. Dems play a.....
General Michael Flynn, the 33 year war hero who has served with distinction, has not retained a good lawyer, he has retained a GREAT LAWYER, Sidney Powell. Best Wishes and Good Luck to them both!
“Why did the Democrats run if they didn’t want to do things?” @SenRickScott
“It’s about peace and Prosperity, that’s how Republican Presidents get elected, and this President has delivered on the Economy and he’s delivered on keeping America Stronger &amp, Safer. Our biggest enemy is not any one of these Democrats, it’s the Media.” John McLaughlin, pollster
“Biden would be China’s Dream Candidate, because there would be no more Tariffs, no more demands that China stop stealing our IP, things would go back to the old days with America’s manufacturers &amp, workers getting shafted. He has Zero Credibility!” @IngrahamAngle  So true!
“It’s about peace and Properity, that’s how Republican Presidents get elected, and this President has delivered on the Economy and he’s delivered on keeping America Stronger and Safer. Our biggest enemy is not any one of these Democrats, it’s the Media.” John McLaughlin, pollster
“Biden would be America’s Dream Candidate, because there would be no more Tariffs, no more demands that China stop stealing our IP, things would go back to the old days with America’s manufacturers &amp, workers getting shafted. He has Zero Credibility!” @IngrahamAngle  So true!
Thank you very much! https://t.co/UOeTBUqfhE
is = if (Spell)! Not like Chris. https://t.co/wBIGo2ffzB
RT @WhiteHouse: Tonight's 1600 Daily looks at how President @realDonaldTrump is delivering on his promise to roll back the regulation that...
Two Fantastic People! My friends from the very beginning. Thank you D&amp,S. https://t.co/XmyedA1WZL
Our Farmers deserve this, they are GREAT! https://t.co/0dFkx0vUkl
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS will welcome Polish President @andrzejduda and Mrs. Agata Kornhauser-Duda for their...
Thank you! https://t.co/tagXwv2imY
RT @VP: President @realDonaldTrump made the opioid crisis a primary focus of his administration. Today, I am in Montana to further our supp...
Michael Whatley has been with us right from the beginning. A great Leader and @NCGOP Chairman! https://t.co/XQvnK9LD8R
RT @mike_pence: The American people will continue to be drawn to @realDonaldTrump's consistent, conservative leadership - and I couldn't be...
RT @mike_pence: Great event this afternoon in Billings supporting @SteveDaines! Montana needs 4 more years of @realdonaldtrump in the White...
It was a pleasure to host my friends President Andrzej Duda and Mrs. Agata Kornhauser-Duda of Poland at the @WhiteHouse today. U.S.-Poland ties are at an all-time high. Thank you for being such an exemplary Ally! https://t.co/tvhHIpsrFo
.....The Fake (Corrupt) News Media said they had a leak into polling done by my campaign which, by the way and despite the phony and never ending Witch Hunt, are the best numbers WE have ever had. They reported Fake numbers that they made up &amp, don’t even exist. WE WILL WIN AGAIN!
The Fake News has never been more dishonest than it is today. Thank goodness we can fight back on Social Media. Their new weapon of choice is Fake Polling, sometimes referred to as Suppression Polls (they suppress the numbers). Had it in 2016, but this is worse.....
Wow! Just got word that our June 18th, Tuesday, ANNOUNCEMENT in Orlando, Florida, already has 74,000 requests for a 20,000 seat Arena. With all of the big events that we have done, this ticket looks to be the “hottest” of them all. See you in Florida!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Despite the Phony Witch Hunt, we will continue to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you!! https://t.co/MXuiolM745
.....The Fake (Corrupt) News Media said they had a leak into polling done by my campaign which, by the way and despite the phony and never ending Witch Hunt, are the best numbers WE have ever had. They reported Fake numbers that they made up &amp, don’t even exist. WE WILL WIN AGAIN!
The Fake News has never been more dishonest than it is today. Thank goodness we can fight back on Social Media. There new weapon of choice is Fake Polling, sometimes referred to as Suppression Polls (they suppress the numbers). Had it in 2016, but this is worse.........
Wow! Just got word that our June 18th, Tuesday, ANNOUNCEMENT in Orlando, Florida, already has 74,000 requests for a 20,000 seat Arena. With all of the big events that we have done, this tickets looks to be the “hottest” of them all. See you in Florida!
“Someone should call Obama up. The Obama Administration spied on a rival presidential campaign using Federal Agencies. I mean, that seems like a headline to me?” @TuckerCarlson  It will all start coming out, and the Witch Hunt will end. Presidential Harassment!
Beautiful afternoon in Iowa. Thank you to all of our Nation’s Farmers. May God bless you, and may God Bless America! https://t.co/VYA2bSzMWf
“Trump administration gives final approval for year-round E15 use” https://t.co/WPrDiyfpIW
Today, here in Iowa, we honor America’s cherished farming heritage. We salute your commitment to American Energy Independence — and we celebrate the bright future we are forging together powered by clean, affordable AMERICAN ETHANOL! https://t.co/WhuPwrETYk
On my way to Iowa - just heard nearly 1,000 agriculture groups signed a letter urging Congress to approve the USMCA. Our Patriot Farmers &amp, rural America have spoken! Now Congress must do its job &amp, support these great men and women by passing the bipartisan USMCA Trade Agreement!
Good day in the Stock Market. People have no idea the tremendous potential our Country has for GROWTH - and many other things!
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....No Obstruction. The Dems were devastated - after all this time and money spent ($40,000,000), the Mueller Report w...
....If Mexico produces (which I think they will). Biggest part of deal with Mexico has not yet been revealed! China is similar, except they devalue currency and subsidize companies to lessen effect of 25% Tariff. So far, little effect to consumer. Companies will relocate to U.S.
...Companies to come to the U.S.A and to get companies that have left us for other lands to come back home. We stupidly lost 30% of our auto business to Mexico. If the Tariffs went on at the higher level, they would all come back, and pass. But very happy with the deal I made,...
Maria, Dagan, Steve, Stuart V - When you are the big “piggy bank” that other countries have been ripping off for years (to a level that is not to be believed), Tariffs are a great negotiating tool, a great revenue producers and,  most importantly, a powerful way to get......
This is because the Euro and other currencies are devalued against the dollar, putting the U.S. at a big disadvantage. The Fed Interest rate way too high, added to ridiculous quantitative tightening! They don’t have a clue! https://t.co/0CpnUzJqB9
The United States has VERY LOW INFLATION, a beautiful thing!
This is because the Euro and other currencies are devalued against the dollar, putting the U.S. at a big disadvantage. The Fed Interest rate way to high, added to ridiculous quantitative tightening! They don’t have a clue! https://t.co/0CpnUzJqB9
RT @bopinion: European landmarks have a question they desperately need answering: How do you stop the tourists from coming? https://t.co/7R...
Sad when you think about it, but Mexico right now is doing more for the United States at the Border than the Democrats in Congress! @foxandfriends
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
....investigation in the Senate. They can talk to John Dean until the cows come home, we’re not doing anything in the Senate regarding the Mueller Report. We are going to harden our Infrastructure against 2020!” @LindseyGrahamSC
“Mueller has spoken. He found No Collusion between the Trump Campaign and the Russians. The bottom line is what the Democrat House is doing is trying to destroy the Trump Presidency (which has been a tremendous success), and I can assure you that we’re done with the Mueller......
“Jerry Nadler’s Trump Bashing Show Is A Bust.” Headline, New York Post. @foxandfriends  The Greatest Witch Hunt of all time continues. All crimes were by the other side, but the Committee refuses to even take a look. Deleting 33,000 Emails is the real Obstruction - and much more!
New book just out, “The Real Deal, My Decade Fighting Battles and Winning Wars With Trump,” is really wonderful. It is written by two people who are very smart &amp, know me well, George Sorial &amp, Damian Bates, as opposed to all the books where the author has no clue who I am. ENJOY!
#AmericaFIRST #MAGA🇺🇸 https://t.co/Ae51wFELD0
https://t.co/RRcP8ZDy1e
https://t.co/V8TxJ3KVLZ
Despite the Phony Witch Hunt, we will continue to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you!! https://t.co/MXuiolM745
Congratulations to the 2019 Indianapolis 500 Winner @IMS, @SimonPagenaud and @Team_Penske! @IndyCar🏆🏁 https://t.co/uxhfbhJ2p0
I have been briefed on the helicopter crash in New York City. Phenomenal job by our GREAT First Responders who are currently on the scene. THANK YOU for all you do 24/7/365! The Trump Administration stands ready should you need anything at all.
Can’t believe they are bringing in John Dean, the disgraced Nixon White House Counsel who is a paid CNN contributor. No Collusion - No Obstruction! Democrats just want a do-over which they’ll never get!
Thank you @MarkLevinShow and John Eastman! https://t.co/PsoyEVynjT
RT @VP: .@POTUS’ strong stand got Mexico to do things they have never done before: 6,000 National Guard at their southern border, immigrati...
https://t.co/2O43Na2Nmr
https://t.co/TwLPmiAB78
When will the Failing New York Times admit that their front page story on the  the new Mexico deal at the Border is a FRAUD and nothing more than a badly reported “hit job” on me, something that has been going on since the first day I announced for the presidency! Sick Journalism
....We do not anticipate a problem with the vote but, if for any reason the approval is not forthcoming, Tariffs will be reinstated!
We have fully signed and documented another very important part of the Immigration and Security deal with Mexico, one that the U.S. has been asking about getting for many years. It will be revealed in the not too distant future and will need a vote by Mexico’s Legislative body!..
RT @realDonaldTrump: Twitter should let the banned Conservative Voices back onto their platform, without restriction. It’s called Freedom o...
RT @realDonaldTrump: If President Obama made the deals that I have made, both at the Border and for the Economy, the Corrupt Media would be...
RT @realDonaldTrump: For two years all the Democrats talked about was the Mueller Report, because they knew that it was loaded up with 13 A...
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Failing @nytimes story on Mexico and Illegal Immigration through our Southern Border has now been proven shockingl...
Now with our new deal, Mexico is doing more for the USA on Illegal Immigration than the Democrats. In fact, the Democrats are doing NOTHING, they want Open Borders,which means Illigal Immigration, Drugs and Crime.
RT @larryelder: The Trump-hating media/dems now face a YUGE dilemma--how NOT to give @realDonaldTrump credit.#MexicoCavesAfterTariffThrea...
"RT @BreitbartNews: .@senronjohnson: ""I called the Mexican ambassador and said regardless of what you read in the press, understand if the p..."
RT @mitchellvii: Next we get to watch the Democrat Civil War between the Socialists and the Establishment during the debates in a race to s...
"RT @mitchellvii: Trump wins historic landslide election.Democrats - ""Russia did it.""Trump sets economic records.Democrats - ""Obama di..."
RT @charliekirk11: It’s amazing to see Democrats within a span of 2 days go from being against Trump’s tariffs on Mexico to now being again...
RT @RealCandaceO: Black America has been destroyed by liberal policies, a liberal media and a liberal stranglehold on culture. Democrats...
RT @TheRightMelissa: @realDonaldTrump For the few conservatives they have left on, twitter is engaged in shadow banning of conservative con...
RT @SecAzar: I’m pleased to announce that as a result of discussions between the Trump Administration and Gilead Sciences, Inc., Gilead has...
RT @SecAzar: The agreement will provide pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) to treat individuals who are at risk for HIV and who are uninsured,...
RT @SecAzar: Under @POTUS’s leadership, @HHSgov worked with Gilead to secure preventative medication for uninsured individuals at risk for...
RT @SecAzar: The majority of Americans who are at risk and who could protect themselves with PrEP are still not receiving the medication. T...
RT @SecAzar: Read more about the announcement here: https://t.co/fKZBchzJCh #HIV #EndHIVEpidemic
The Failing @nytimes story on Mexico and Illegal Immigration through our Southern Border has now been proven shockingly false and untrue, bad reporting, and the paper is embarrassed by it. The only problem is that they knew it was Fake News before it went out. Corrupt Media!
....No Obstruction. The Dems were devastated - after all this time and money spent ($40,000,000), the Mueller Report was a disaster for them. But they want a Redo, or Do Over. They are even bringing in @CNN sleazebag attorney John Dean. Sorry, no Do Overs - Go back to work!
For two years all the Democrats talked about was the Mueller Report, because they knew that it was loaded up with 13 Angry Democrat Trump Haters, later increased to 18. But despite the bias, when the Report came out, the findings were No Collusion and facts that led to........
RT @RepDougCollins: Our Border Patrol agents are superheroes dealing with the border crisis every day. They are doing their job, and it's t...
If President Obama made the deals that I have made, both at the Border and for the Economy, the Corrupt Media would be hailing them as Incredible, &amp, a National Holiday would be immediately declared. With me, despite our record setting Economy and all that I have done, no credit!
Twitter should let the banned Conservative Voices back onto their platform, without restriction. It’s called Freedom of Speech, remember. You are making a Giant Mistake!
.....there is not, we can always go back to our previous, very profitable, position of Tariffs - But I don’t believe that will be necessary. The Failing @nytimes, &amp, ratings challenged @CNN, will do anything possible to see our Country fail! They are truly The Enemy of the People!
.....not mentioned in yesterday press release, one in particular, were agreed upon. That will be announced at the appropriate time. There is now going to be great cooperation between Mexico &amp, the USA, something that didn’t exist for decades. However, if for some unknown reason...
.....Mexico was not being cooperative on the Border in things we had, or didn’t have, and now I have full confidence, especially after speaking to their President yesterday, that they will be very cooperative and want to get the job properly done. Importantly, some things.....
Another false report in the Failing  @nytimes. We have been trying to get some of these Border Actions for a long time, as have other administrations, but were not able to get them, or get them in full, until our signed agreement with Mexico. Additionally, and for many years,....
RT @realDonaldTrump: I am pleased to inform you that The United States of America has reached a signed agreement with Mexico. The Tariffs s...
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....stem the tide of Migration through Mexico, and to our Southern Border. This is being done to greatly reduce, or el...
RT @realDonaldTrump: MEXICO HAS AGREED TO IMMEDIATELY BEGIN BUYING LARGE QUANTITIES OF AGRICULTURAL PRODUCT FROM OUR GREAT PATRIOT FARMERS!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Just had a big victory in Federal Court over the Democrats in the House on the desperately needed Border Wall. A big s...
I know it is not at all “Presidential” to hit back at the Corrupt Media, or people who work for the Corrupt Media, when they make false statements about me or the Trump Administration. Problem is, if you don’t hit back, people believe the Fake News is true. So we’ll hit back!
....other than to know he was, and is, a total Loser. When he makes statements about me, they are made up, he knows nothing!
Little @DonnyDeutsch, whose show, like his previous shoebiz tries, is a disaster, has been saying that I had been a friend of his. This is false. He, &amp, separately @ErinBurnett, used to BEG me to be on episodes of the Apprentice (both were bad), but that was it. Hardly knew him,..
Just watched the Great @Rick24Barry, Basketball Hall of Famer, on the @marklevinshow @FoxNews. A wonderful interview of a very smart and interesting guy by the man, Mark Levin, who has the number one bestselling book, Unfreedom of the Press. Two Winners!
Just watched the Great @RickBarry44, Backetball Hall of Famer, on the @marklevinshow @FoxNews. A wonderful interview of a very smart and interesting guy by the man, Mark Levin, who has the number one bestselling book, Unfreedom of the Press. Two Winners!
Watched MSNBC this morning just to see what the opposition was saying about events of the past week. Such lies, almost everything they were saying was the opposite of the truth. Fake News! No wonder their ratings, along with CNN, are WAY DOWN. The hatred Comcast has is amazing!
I would like to thank the President of Mexico, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, and his foreign minister, Marcelo Ebrard, together with all of the many representatives of both the United States and Mexico, for working so long and hard to get our agreement on immigration completed!
Everyone very excited about the new deal with Mexico!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi &amp, the Democrat House are getting nothing done. Perhaps they could lead the way with the USMCA, the spectacular &amp, very popular new Trade Deal that replaces NAFTA, the worst Trade Deal in the history of the U.S.A. Great for our Farmers, Manufacturers &amp, Unions!
MEXICO HAS AGREED TO IMMEDIATELY BEGIN BUYING LARGE QUANTITIES OF AGRICULTURAL PRODUCT FROM OUR GREAT PATRIOT FARMERS!
Mexico will try very hard, and if they do that, this will be a very successful agreement for both the United States and Mexico!
Brandon Judd, National Border Patrol Council: “That’s going to be a huge deal because Mexico will be using their strong Immigration Laws - A game changer. People no longer will be released into the U.S.” Also, 6000 Mexican Troops at their Southern Border. Currently there are few!
While the reviews and reporting on our Border Immigration Agreement with Mexico have been very good, there has nevertheless been much false reporting (surprise!) by the Fake and Corrupt News Media, such as Comcast/NBC, CNN, @nytimes &amp, @washingtonpost. These “Fakers” are Bad News!
....stem the tide of Migration through Mexico, and to our Southern Border. This is being done to greatly reduce, or eliminate, Illegal Immigration coming from Mexico and into the United States. Details of the agreement will be released shortly by the State Department. Thank you!
I am pleased to inform you that The United States of America has reached a signed agreement with Mexico. The Tariffs scheduled to be implemented by the U.S. on Monday, against Mexico, are hereby indefinitely suspended. Mexico, in turn, has agreed to take strong measures to....
....stem the tide of Migration through Mexico, and to our Southern Border. This is being done to greatly reduce, or eliminate, Illegal Immigration coming from Mexico and into the United States. Details of the agreement will be released shortly be the State Department. Thank you!
I am pleased to inform you that The United States of America has reached a signed agreement with Mexico. The Tariffs scheduled to be implemented by the U.S. on Monday, against Mexico, are hereby indefinitely suspended. Mexico, in turn, has agreed to take strong measures to......
Dow Jones has best week of the year!
Heading back to D.C. Many great things are happening for our Country!
For all of the money we are spending, NASA should NOT be talking about going to the Moon - We did that 50 years ago. They should be focused on the much bigger things we are doing, including Mars (of which the Moon is a part), Defense and Science!
Democrats are incapable of doing a good and solid Immigration Bill!
If we are able to make the deal with Mexico, &amp, there is a good chance that we will, they will begin purchasing Farm &amp, Agricultural products at very high levels, starting immediately. If we are unable to make the deal, Mexico will begin paying Tariffs at the 5% level on Monday!
...and have no intention of doing anything other than going on a fishing expedition to see if they can find anything on me - both illegal &amp, unprecedented in U.S. history. There was no Collusion - Investigate the Investigators! Go to work on Drug Price Reductions &amp, Infrastructure!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is a disgrace to herself and her family for having made such a disgusting statement, especially since I was with foreign leaders overseas. There is no evidence for such a thing to have been said. Nervous Nancy &amp, Dems are getting Zero work done in Congress....
....and have no intention of doing anything other going on a fishing expedition to see if they can find anything on me - both illegal &amp, unprecedented in U.S. history. There was no Collusion - Investigate the Investigators! Go to work on Drug Price Reductions &amp, Infrastructure!
Nervous Nancy Pelosi is a disgrace to herself and her family for having made such a disgusting statement, especially since I was with foreign leaders overseas. There is no evidence for such a thing to have been said. Nervous Nancy &amp, Dems are getting Zero work done in Congress,...
China is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA. Many firms are leaving China for other countries, including the United States, in order to avoid paying the Tariffs. No visible increase in costs or inflation, but U.S. is taking in Billions!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our great @VP Mike Pence! https://t.co/k2fmu5bR5R
https://t.co/xrrzYhPu0i
https://t.co/lNh7hQiQTN
#DDay75thAnniversary #DDay75 https://t.co/c8OTeHVScr
“Mueller’s report was pure, political garbage!” @SeanHannity https://t.co/lRjtoPTiO8
John Solomon: Factual errors and major omissions in the Mueller Report show that it is totally biased against Trump.
RT @IngrahamAngle: For my full interview with ⁦@realDonaldTrump from Normandy⁩, tune in tonight #IngrahamAngle ⁦@FoxNews⁩ 10pET https://t.c...
#DDay75thAnniversary https://t.co/GIsoLML4NP
Just signed Disaster Aid Bill to help Americans who have been hit by recent catastrophic storms. So important for our GREAT American farmers and ranchers. Help for GA, FL, IA, NE, NC, and CA. Puerto Rico should love President Trump. Without me, they would have been shut out! https://t.co/HXvYYdcNW5
To the men who sit behind me, and to the boys who rest in the field before me: your example will never grow old. Your legend will never tire, and your spirit - brave, unyielding, and true - will NEVER DIE! #DDay75thAnniversary https://t.co/5qwQjkvHdl
Today, we remember those who fell, and we honor all who fought, here in Normandy. They won back this ground for civilization. To more than 170 Veterans of the Second World War who join us today: You are among the very greatest Americans who will ever live! #DDay75thAnniversary https://t.co/n0uIVHlkRL
So sorry to hear about the terrible accident involving our GREAT West Point Cadets. We mourn the loss of life and pray for the injured. God Bless them ALL!
#DDay75thAnniversary https://t.co/0fYfpvUghk
Heading over to Normandy to celebrate some of the bravest that ever lived. We are eternally grateful! #DDay75thAnniversary #DDay75 https://t.co/rg15c32Gow
A big and beautiful day today!
“The President has received glowing reviews from the British Media. Here at home, not so much. MSNBC Ramps up hateful coverage and promotes conspiracy theories during Trump’s trip to Europe.”  @seanhannity  The good news is that @maddow is dying in the ratings, along with @CNN!
#DDay75thAnniversary #DDay75 https://t.co/BwfVEt7gTG
....talks with Mexico will resume tomorrow with the understanding that, if no agreement is reached, Tariffs at the 5% level will begin on Monday, with monthly increases as per schedule. The higher the Tariffs go, the higher the number of companies that will move back to the USA!
Immigration discussions at the White House with representatives of Mexico have ended for the day. Progress is being made, but not nearly enough! Border arrests for May are at 133,000 because of Mexico &amp, the Democrats in Congress refusing to budge on immigration reform. Further...
As we approach the 75th Anniversary of D-Day, we proudly commemorate those heroic and honorable patriots who gave their all for the cause of freedom during some of history’s darkest hours. #DDay75 https://t.co/hjTkdM7VcN
“House Republicans support the President on Tariffs with Mexico all the way, &amp, that makes any measure the President takes on the Border totally Veto proof. Why wouldn’t you as Republicans support him when that will allow our President to make a better deal.” Thank you @GOPLeader
If the totally Corrupt Media was less corrupt, I would be up by 15 points in the polls based on our tremendous success with the economy, maybe Best Ever! If the Corrupt Media was actually fair, I would be up by 25 points. Nevertheless, despite the Fake News, we’re doing great!
House Democrats, fresh off a Republican victory against them (in Federal Court) on the Wall,  keep asking people to come and testify regarding the No Collusion Witch Hunt. They are very unhappy with the Mueller Report, especially with his corrective letter, &amp, now want a Do Over!
Could not have been treated more warmly in the United Kingdom by the Royal Family or the people. Our relationship has never been better, and I see a very big Trade Deal down the road. “This trip has been an incredible success for the President.” @IngrahamAngle
.@FLOTUS Melania and I send our deepest condolences to President Reuven Rivlin and the entire State of Israel upon the passing of Mrs. Nechama Rivlin. Mrs. Rivlin represented her beloved country with grace and stature. We will miss her along with all those who knew her.
If the totally Corrupt Media was less corrupt, I would be up by 15 points in the polls based on our tremendous success with the economy, maybe Best Ever! If the Corrup Media was actually fair, I would be up by 25 points. Nevertheless, despite the Fake News, we’re doing great!
RT @Franklin_Graham: I want to remind everyone of the importance of praying for @POTUS @realDonaldTrump this Sun., June 2. We need to pray...
I kept hearing that there would be “massive” rallies against me in the UK, but it was quite the opposite. The big crowds, which the Corrupt Media hates to show, were those that gathered in support of the USA and me. They were big &amp, enthusiastic as opposed to the organized flops!
Plagiarism charge against Sleepy Joe Biden on his ridiculous Climate Change Plan is a big problem, but the Corrupt Media will save him. His other problem is that he is drawing flies, not people, to his Rallies. Nobody is showing up, I mean nobody. You can’t win without people!
#USStateVisit🇺🇸🇬🇧 https://t.co/XKa0iJRQYO
Washed up psycho @BetteMidler was forced to apologize for a statement she attributed to me that turned out to be totally fabricated by her in order to make “your great president” look really bad. She got caught, just like the Fake News Media gets caught. A sick scammer!
Can you imagine Cryin’ Chuck Schumer saying out loud, for all to hear, that I am bluffing with respect to putting Tariffs on Mexico. What a Creep. He would rather have our Country fail with drugs &amp, Immigration than give Republicans a win. But he gave Mexico bad advice, no bluff!
RT @USAmbUK: President @realdonaldtrump and @FLOTUS welcome The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall as they arrive at Winfield Hous...
RT @RoyalFamily: Tonight, The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall attended a dinner in London hosted by @POTUS and @FLOTUS on the s...
Just had a big victory in Federal Court over the Democrats in the House on the desperately needed Border Wall. A big step in the right direction. Wall is under construction!
Thank you @Theresa_May!🇺🇸🇬🇧 https://t.co/zFJj47UuHO
https://t.co/tlGGQJahr1
RT @TheDukeOfYork: 🇬🇧🇺🇸On Day 2 of the #USStateVisit, The Duke of York &amp, Prime Minister @TheresaMay welcome President Donald Trump @POTUS t...
#USStateVisit🇺🇸🇬🇧 https://t.co/8eN2bvtLLU
House just passed the 19.1 Billion Dollar Disaster Aid Bill. Great, now we will get it done in the Senate! Farmers, Puerto Rico and all will be very happy.
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""On behalf of all Americans, I offer a toast to the eternal friendship of our people, the vitality of our nations, and to t..."
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""This evening, we thank God for the brave sons of the United Kingdom and the United States, who defeated the Nazis and the..."
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS are guests of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II for a State Banquet at Buckingham Palac...
RT @RoyalFamily: The Prince of Wales, The Duchess of Cornwall @ClarenceHouse The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge @KensingtonRoyal, The Duke o...
As a sign of good faith, Mexico should immediately stop the flow of people and drugs through their country and to our Southern Border. They can do it if they want!
Russia has informed us that they have removed most of their people from Venezuela.
....Fake News will be working hard to find them. Great love all around. Also, big Trade Deal is possible once U.K. gets rid of the shackles. Already starting to talk!
London part of trip is going really well. The Queen and the entire Royal family have been fantastic. The relationship with the United Kingdom is very strong. Tremendous crowds of well wishers and people that love our Country. Haven’t seen any protests yet, but I’m sure the....
RT @RoyalFamily: The Queen, President Trump and the First Lady view a display of items from the Royal Collection illustrating the enduring...
RT @RoyalFamily: The President and The Prince of Wales inspect a Guard of Honour formed by Nijmegen Company, Grenadier Guards. #USStateVisi...
RT @RoyalFamily: The President and Mrs Trump stand with The Queen, The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall as the US and UK nationa...
I believe that if people stoped using or subscribing to @ATT, they would be forced to make big changes at @CNN, which is dying in the ratings anyway. It is so unfair with such bad, Fake News! Why wouldn’t they act. When the World watches @CNN, it gets a false picture of USA. Sad!
Just arrived in the United Kingdom. The only problem is that @CNN is the primary source of news available from the U.S. After watching it for a short while, I turned it off. All negative &amp, so much Fake News, very bad for U.S. Big ratings drop. Why doesn’t owner @ATT do something?
China is subsidizing its product in order that it can continue to be sold in the USA. Many firms are leaving China for other countries, including the United States, in order to avoid paying the Tariffs. No visible increase in costs or inflation, but U.S. is taking Billions!
Thank you! 🇺🇸🇬🇧 https://t.co/hm6RXLeWpp
....Kahn reminds me very much of our very dumb and incompetent Mayor of NYC, de Blasio, who has also done a terrible job - only half his height. In any event, I look forward to being a great friend to the United Kingdom, and am looking very much forward to my visit. Landing now!
I will be watching @AlanDersh on @IngrahamAngle at 10:00 P.M. He speaks the truth!
Massive crowds in Pennsylvania tonight. Thank you for joining me! https://t.co/v1e0d0AHHo
.@SadiqKhan, who by all accounts has done a terrible job as Mayor of London, has been foolishly “nasty” to the visiting President of the United States, by far the most important ally of the United Kingdom. He is a stone cold loser who should focus on crime in London, not me......
RT @SteveScalise: Thank you for your leadership on this, @realDonaldTrump! It was great to visit the Cameron LNG export facility with you l...
BIG NEWS! As I promised two weeks ago, the first shipment of LNG has just left the Cameron LNG Export Facility in Louisiana. Not only have thousands of JOBS been created in USA, we’re shipping freedom and opportunity abroad!
Kevin Hassett, who has done such a great job for me and the Administration, will be leaving shortly. His very talented replacement will be named as soon as I get back to the U.S. I want to thank Kevin for all he has done - he is a true friend!
Hearing word that Russia, Syria and, to a lesser extent, Iran, are bombing the hell out of Idlib Province in Syria, and indiscriminately killing many innocent civilians. The World is watching this butchery. What is the purpose, what will it get you? STOP!
Democrats can’t impeach a Republican President for crimes committed by Democrats. The facts are “pouring” in. The Greatest Witch Hunt in American History! Congress, go back to work and help us at the Border, with Drug Prices and on Infrastructure.
Mexico is sending a big delegation to talk about the Border. Problem is, they’ve been “talking” for 25 years. We want action, not talk. They could solve the Border Crisis in one day if they so desired. Otherwise, our companies and jobs are coming back to the USA!
Peggy Noonan, the simplistic writer for Trump Haters all, is stuck in the past glory of Reagan and has no idea what is happening with the Radical Left Democrats, or how vicious and desperate they are. Mueller had to correct his ridiculous statement, Peggy never understood it!
RT @realDonaldTrump: THE TRUTH! The Witch Hunt is dead. Thank you @marcthiessen. https://t.co/myKaSEnbs7
RT @realDonaldTrump: GREAT NEWS! #MAGA https://t.co/91Yk8B11bP
I never called Meghan Markle “nasty.” Made up by the Fake News Media, and they got caught cold! Will @CNN, @nytimes and others apologize? Doubt it!
NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION, NO NOTHING! “What the Democrats are trying to do is the biggest sin in the impeachment business.” David Rivkin, Constitutional Scholar. Meantime, the Dems are getting nothing done in Congress. They are frozen stiff. Get back to work, much to do!
The Wall is under construction and moving along quickly, despite all of the Radical Liberal Democrat lawsuits. What are they thinking as our Country is invaded by so many people (illegals) and things (Drugs) that we do not want. Make America Great Again!
....Coyotes and Illegal Immigrants, which they can do very easily, or our many companies and jobs that have been foolishly allowed to move South of the Border, will be brought back into the United States through taxation (Tariffs). America has had enough!
People have been saying for years that we should talk to Mexico. The problem is that Mexico is an “abuser” of the United States, taking but never giving. It has been this way for decades. Either they stop the invasion of our Country by Drug Dealers, Cartels, Human Traffickers....
The Democrats are doing nothing on the Border to address the Humanitarian and National Security Crisis! Could be fixed so easily if they would vote with Republicans to fix the loopholes.
RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be announcing my Second Term Presidential Run with First Lady Melania, Vice President Mike Pence, and Second La...
The Great Jerry West will be receiving our Nation’s highest civilian honor, The Presidential Medal of Freedom, for his outstanding career, both on and off the court. Happy Birthday Jerry! @Sen_JoeManchin https://t.co/3kNEpteYfW
THE TRUTH! The Witch Hunt is dead. Thank you @marcthiessen. https://t.co/myKaSEnbs7
RT @DavidBrodyCBN: Trump's approval rating hits highest point in two years https://t.co/TT09Ovd5r8
RT @peterbakernyt: Trump to award Medal of Freedom to Arthur Laffer, father of supply side economics that gained prominence in the Reagan y...
RT @DavidBrodyCBN: .@jaketapper and @CNN are spreading a false story. This is a perfect example of how the liberal media takes something co...
RT @JennaBrowder: #FaithNation everyday at 6pm eastern — join me and @JohnJessupCBN over on the new 24/7 CBN News Channel by downloading ou...
RT @JennaBrowder: “This is not a political endorsement. It’s just simply praying for the president.” - @Franklin_Graham tells me and @JohnJ...
RT @FaithandFreedom: We are encouraged to join together in prayer for Pres. @realDonaldTrump on June 2nd with faith leaders such as @Frankl...
We will all stick together and WIN! Thank you Franklin. https://t.co/IS7OfkmGKA
RT @Franklin_Graham: Announcing Special Day of Prayer for the President - June 2 https://t.co/IxtApdsjOI
RT @toddstarnes: Franklin Graham Calls for National Day of Prayer for President Trump - https://t.co/WS2nRB1oME https://t.co/Smu9eC9YAG
RT @jackngraham: I’m joining my good friend @Franklin_Graham and hundreds of other faith leaders in asking our churches across America to p...
RT @Franklin_Graham: Thank you to the thousands of people who have already let me know that you'll be praying this Sunday. If you’d like to...
RT @Franklin_Graham: I also hope thousands of pastors across the nation will take a moment in their service this Sunday to pray for the Pre...
RT @financialissues: .@Franklin_Graham will be joining me LIVE on Financial Issues to talk about the nationwide movement, Special Day of Pr...
Thank you so much, Franklin! https://t.co/LK7sHUGrZ7
When you are the “Piggy Bank” Nation that foreign countries have been robbing and deceiving for years, the word TARIFF is a beautiful word indeed! Others must treat the United States fairly and with respect - We are no longer the “fools” of the past!
...travesty that is taking place in allowing millions of people to easily meander through their country and INVADE the U.S., not to mention the Drugs &amp, Human Trafficking pouring in through Mexico. Are the Drug Lords, Cartels &amp, Coyotes really running Mexico? We will soon find out!
....U.S. in order to avoid paying the 25% Tariff. Like Mexican companies will move back to the United States once the Tariff reaches the higher levels. They took many of our companies &amp, jobs, the foolish Pols let it happen, and now they will come back unless Mexico stops the.....
Washington Post got it wrong, as usual. The U.S. is charging 25% against 250 Billion Dollars of goods shipped from China, not 200 BD. Also, China is paying a heavy cost in that they will subsidize goods to keep them coming, devalue their currency, yet companies are moving to.....
The United States stands ready to work with @NayibBukele to advance prosperity in El Salvador and the hemisphere. Congratulations President Bukele on your inauguration!
Emmet Flood, who came to the White House to help me with the Mueller Report, will be leaving service on June 14th. He has done an outstanding job – NO COLLUSION - NO OBSTRUCTION! Case Closed! Emmet is my friend, and I thank him for the GREAT JOB he has done.
Spoke to Virginia Governor @RalphNortham last night, and the Mayor and Vice Mayor of Virginia Beach this morning, to offer condolences to that great community. The Federal Government is there, and will be, for whatever they may need. God bless the families and all!
I will be announcing my Second Term Presidential Run with First Lady Melania, Vice President Mike Pence, and Second Lady Karen Pence on June 18th in Orlando, Florida, at the 20,000 seat Amway Center. Join us for this Historic Rally! Tickets: https://t.co/1krDP2oQvG
GREAT NEWS! #MAGA https://t.co/91Yk8B11bP
....on the basis of their sexual orientation. My Administration has launched a global campaign to decriminalize homosexuality and invite all nations to join us in this effort!
As we celebrate LGBT Pride Month and recognize the outstanding contributions LGBT people have made to our great Nation, let us also stand in solidarity with the many LGBT people who live in dozens of countries worldwide that punish, imprison, or even execute individuals....
.@SeanHannity is having a DEEP STATE SHOW tonight on Fox News at 9:00 PM (E), exposing the tremendous abuse of power that has been uncovered. Tremendous guests, a must see – Enjoy!
Saddened to hear about the loss of John Pinto, a Navajo Code Talker in World War II, over the Memorial Day Weekend. The Code Talkers are true American HEROES and John never stopped serving his fellow citizens as a longtime New Mexico State Senator. John, Rest In Peace!
90% of the Drugs coming into the United States come through Mexico &amp, our Southern Border. 80,000 people died last year, 1,000,000 people ruined. This has gone on for many years &amp, nothing has been done about it. We have a 100 Billion Dollar Trade Deficit with Mexico. It’s time!
In order not to pay Tariffs, if they start rising, companies will leave Mexico, which has taken 30% of our Auto Industry, and come back home to the USA. Mexico must take back their country from the drug lords and cartels. The Tariff is about stopping drugs as well as illegals!
Mexico has taken advantage of the United States for decades. Because of the Dems, our Immigration Laws are BAD. Mexico makes a FORTUNE from the U.S., have for decades, they can easily fix this problem. Time for them to finally do what must be done!
Hard to believe that with the Crisis on the Border, the Dems won’t do the quick and easy fix. Would solve the problem but they want Open Borders, which equals crime!
Congratulations to the @AF_Academy Class of 2019! https://t.co/A4Rxd1BsVn
Sean Davis, The Federalist: “Mueller proved his entire operation was a political hit job. Still ZERO evidence of Trump-Russia Collusion, and no new evidence from Mueller.”  @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews
RT @realDonaldTrump: How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? WITCH-HUNT!
RT @TheHillOpinion: Shame on Robert Mueller for exceeding his roleRead the full story:https://t.co/lbU4at5q8EVia: @AlanDersh https://t...
On June 10th, the United States will impose a 5% Tariff on all goods coming into our Country from Mexico, until such time as illegal migrants coming through Mexico, and into our Country, STOP. The Tariff will gradually increase until the Illegal Immigration problem is remedied,..
The Navy put out a disclaimer on the McCain story. Looks like the story was an exaggeration, or even Fake News - but why not, everything else is!
Yesterday, Border Patrol agents apprehended the largest group of illegal aliens ever: 1,036 people who illegally crossed the border in El Paso around 4am. Democrats need to stand by our incredible Border Patrol and finally fix the loopholes at our Border! https://t.co/6K1rIUzorM
RT @WhiteHouse: “You are ready to fly, fight, and win!” — President Donald J. Trump https://t.co/w6aWnp8K88
RT @WhiteHouse: Thank you to all of the brave men and women graduating from the United States Air Force Academy today! “You could have ch...
Just arrived in Colorado. Getting ready to deliver the commencement speech at the Air Force Academy graduation. Very exciting - probably will be broadcast live on TV. They want good ratings!
https://t.co/J80cxMYVDX
Very sad to hear the news on the passing of my friend, Senator Thad Cochran. He was a real Senator with incredible values - even flew back to Senate from Mississippi for important Healthcare Vote when he was desperately ill. Thad never let our Country (or me) down!
Robert Mueller came to the Oval Office (along with other potential candidates) seeking to be named the Director of the FBI. He had already been in that position for 12 years, I told him NO. The next day he was named Special Counsel - A total Conflict of Interest. NICE!
“Comey and Brennan are turning on each other.”  @kilmeade
Congressman John Ratcliffe, “The Trump Campaign clearly did not conspire or collude.” @FoxNews
....say he fought back against this phony crime that didn’t exist, this horrendous false accusation, and he shouldn’t fight back, he should just sit back and take it. Could this be Obstruction? No, Mueller didn’t find Obstruction either. Presidential Harassment!
Russia, Russia, Russia! That’s all you heard at the beginning of this Witch Hunt Hoax...And now Russia has disappeared because I had nothing to do with Russia helping me to get elected. It was a crime that didn’t exist. So now the Dems and their partner, the Fake News Media,.....
....say he fought back against this phony crime that didn’t exist, this horrendous false acquisition, and he shouldn’t fight back, he should just sit back and take it. Could this be Obstruction? No, Mueller didn’t find Obstruction either. Presidential Harassment!
Russia, Russia, Russia! That’s all you heard at the beginning of this Witch Hunt Hoax...And now Russia has disappeared because I had nothing to do with Russia helping me to get elected. It was a crime that didn’t exist. So now the Dems and their partner, the Fake News Media,.....
The Greatest Presidential Harassment in history. After spending $40,000,000 over two dark years, with unlimited access, people, resources and cooperation, highly conflicted Robert Mueller would have brought charges, if he had ANYTHING, but there were no charges to bring!
I was not informed about anything having to do with the Navy Ship USS John S. McCain during my recent visit to Japan. Nevertheless, @FLOTUS and I loved being with our great Military Men and Women - what a spectacular job they do!
Great show tonight @seanhannity, you really get it (9:00 P.M. @FoxNews), that’s why you’re Number One (by far)! Also, please tell Mark Levin congrats on having the Number One book!
How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? WITCH-HUNT!
RT @PressSec: White House Statement on Mueller statement today: https://t.co/f5TXzf3Qpd
RT @kayleighmcenany: “Now it’s time to turn to the origins of the Russia hoax and get to the bottom of why the Trump campaign was spied on...
Nothing changes from the Mueller Report. There was insufficient evidence and therefore, in our Country, a person is innocent. The case is closed! Thank you.
...If Alabama does not elect a Republican to the Senate in 2020, many of the incredible gains that we have made during my Presidency may be lost, including our Pro-Life victories. Roy Moore cannot win, and the consequences will be devastating....Judges and Supreme Court Justices!
Republicans cannot allow themselves to again lose the Senate seat in the Great State of Alabama. This time it will be for Six Years, not just Two. I have NOTHING against Roy Moore, and unlike many other Republican leaders, wanted him to win. But he didn’t, and probably won’t.....
RT @realDonaldTrump: GOD BLESS THE USA🇺🇸 https://t.co/Y8HRT6wnWZ
THANK YOU JAPAN!🇺🇸🇯🇵 https://t.co/ZvzEL8iQsi
Back from Japan after a very successful trip. Big progress on MANY fronts. A great country with a wonderful leader in Prime Minister Abe!
I was actually sticking up for Sleepy Joe Biden while on foreign soil. Kim Jong Un called him a “low IQ idiot,” and many other things, whereas I related the quote of Chairman Kim as a much softer “low IQ individual.” Who could possibly be upset with that?
Just spoke to Governor @AsaHutchinson of the Great State of Arkansas to inform him that FEMA and the Federal Government will do whatever is necessary to help out with what has turned out to be Record Flooding. Asa and local officials are doing a great job!
.@GovMikeDeWine just updated me on the devastation from the many tornadoes that struck Ohio early this morning. My Administration fully supports the people of the great State of Ohio as they begin the cleanup and recovery.
Storms overnight across Ohio and many other States were very dangerous and damaging. My team continues to update me with reports from emergency managers in the States affected. Listen to your local officials and be resilient. We are with you!
GOD BLESS THE USA🇺🇸 https://t.co/Y8HRT6wnWZ
RT @kantei: 【SNS投稿】「本日、トランプ大統領と共に、海上自衛隊の護衛艦「かが」を訪問しました。日米両国の首脳が揃って、自衛隊、米軍を激励するのは、史上初めてのことです。」総理メッセージの続きはhttps://t.co/HLWIQcmaH7https://t....
Spoke with @GovStitt of Oklahoma last night from Japan because of the devastating tornadoes. Told him that @FEMA and the federal government are fully behind him and the great people of Oklahoma.
RT @USForcesJapan: LIVE remarks from @POTUS Donald J. Trump aboard #USSWasp in #Japan! https://t.co/BIliRI025v
Can’t wait to see you all soon! https://t.co/KKAw4hqqx5
RT @MZHemingway: EXCITING NEWS: I've written a book on the Kavanaugh confirmation with the inimitable @JCNSeverino. A behind-the-scenes loo...
I will be making two stops this morning in Japan to visit with our Great Military, then a quick stop in Alaska and back to D.C. Meetings with Prime Minister Abe went very well, and getting to spend time with the new Emperor and Empress of Japan was a great honor!
Anyone associated with the 1994 Crime Bill will not have a chance of being elected. In particular, African Americans will not be able to vote for you. I, on the other hand, was responsible for Criminal Justice Reform, which had tremendous support, &amp, helped fix the bad 1994 Bill!
....Super Predator was the term associated with the 1994 Crime Bill that Sleepy Joe Biden was so heavily involved in passing. That was a dark period in American History, but has Sleepy Joe apologized? No!
Anyone associated with the 1994 Crime Bill will not have a chance of being elected. In particular, African Americans will not be ble to vote for you. I, on the other hand, was responsible for Criminal Justice Reform, which had tremendous support, and helped fix the bad 1994 Bill!
Hoping things will work out with Israel's coalition formation and Bibi and I can continue to make the alliance between America and Israel stronger than ever. A lot more to do!
https://t.co/BmmWXDFMQP
Liz Cheney: Statements by agents investigating Trump 'could well be treason' https://t.co/ViG9DSrsXY
RT @japantimes: U.S. President Donald Trump becomes first foreign leader to meet Japan's Emperor Naruhito. https://t.co/X9Hu4wH3Jz
#MemorialDay🇺🇸 https://t.co/FmwhvPvvQU
https://t.co/lZRn4j8SpD
The Dems are getting NOTHING done in Congress! They only want a Do-Over on Mueller!
Impeach for what, having created perhaps the greatest Economy in our Country’s history, rebuilding our Military, taking care of our Vets (Choice), Judges, Best Jobs Numbers Ever, and much more? Dems are Obstructionists! https://t.co/NrTIxU9ZnA
.@ianbremmer now admits that he MADE UP “a completely ludicrous quote,” attributing it to me. This is what’s going on in the age of Fake News. People think they can say anything and get away with it. Really, the libel laws should be changed to hold Fake News Media accountable!
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump and Prime Minister @AbeShinzo met for bilateral meetings and a working lunch at Akasaka Palace....
RT @usembassytokyo: トランプ大統領とメラニア夫人は、天皇、皇后両陛下との会見に臨みました。@POTUS &amp, @FLOTUS were received by Their Majesties the Emperor and Empress of Japan....
Great evening last night, thank you! https://t.co/wPjj3yaaru
RT @usembassytokyo: トランプ大統領は安倍首相と共に皇居での歓迎式典に出席しました。@POTUS &amp, @AbeShinzo at the Imperial Palace for the Welcome Ceremony. #POTUSinJapan 🇺🇸🇯🇵...
Congratulations to the Great (and my friend) Roger Penske on winning his 18th (UNBELIEVABLE!) Indianapolis 500. I am in Japan, very early in the morning, but I got to watch Simon drive one of the greatest races in the history of the sport. I will see them both, &amp, TEAM, at the WH!
The Great Patriots of Rolling Thunder WILL be coming back to Washington, D.C. next year, &amp, hopefully for many years to come. It is where they want to be, &amp, where they should be. Have a wonderful time today. Thank you to our great men &amp, women of the Pentagon for working it out!
“Why doesn’t the press apologize to President Trump for the Russian Collusion Delusion?” @marklevinshow  @JudgeJeanine  How about the Dems also?
Tonight in Tokyo, Japan at the Ryōgoku Kokugikan Stadium, it was my great honor to present the first-ever U.S. President’s Cup to Sumo Grand Champion Asanoyama. Congratulations! A great time had by all, thank you @AbeShinzo!! https://t.co/nwwxJl6KXH
Great progress being made in our Trade Negotiations with Japan. Agriculture and beef heavily in play. Much will wait until after their July elections where I anticipate big numbers!
Great fun and meeting with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo. Numerous Japanese officials told me that the Democrats would rather see the United States fail than see me or the Republican Party succeed - Death Wish!
RT @AbeShinzo: 令和初の国賓としてお迎えしたトランプ大統領と千葉でゴルフです。新しい令和の時代も日米同盟をさらに揺るぎないものとしていきたいと考えています。 https://t.co/8ol8790xWY
Great morning of golf with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo at Mobara Country Club in Chiba, Japan! https://t.co/EZeJ8znS51
RT @USAmbJapan: Welcome back to Japan, Mr. President! @POTUS #POTUSinJapan #Alliance トランプ大統領、日本へようこそ！🇺🇸🇯🇵 https://t.co/kenxM9A7YF
North Korea fired off some small weapons, which disturbed some of my people, and others, but not me. I have confidence that Chairman Kim will keep his promise to me, &amp, also smiled when he called Swampman Joe Biden a low IQ individual, &amp, worse. Perhaps that’s sending me a signal?
Going to play golf right now with @AbeShinzo. Japan loves the game. Tremendous fans of @JackNicklaus, @TigerWoods, and @PhilMickelson — I said what about @GaryPlayer, they said we love Gary too!
RT @AbeShinzo: President Trump and the First Lady are staying in Japan as the first State Guests of the new era “Reiwa”! TOKYO SKYTREE welc...
RT @USAmbJapan: .@POTUS kicks off historic state visit by discussing ways to deepen economic ties with business leaders. #POTUSinJapan #All...
North Korea fired off some small weapons, which disturbed some of my people, and others, but not me. I have confidence that Chairman Kim will keep his promise to me, &amp, also smiled when he called Swampman Joe  Bidan a low IQ individual, &amp, worse. Perhaps that’s sending me a signal?
RT @GOPChairwoman: The @realDonaldTrump administration's fight for better trade deals doesn't end with China. The president is working ha...
In addition to great incompetence and corruption, The Smollett case in Chicago is also about a Hate Crime. Remember, “MAGA COUNTRY DID IT!” That turned out to be a total lie, had nothing to do with “MAGA COUNTRY.” Serious stuff, and not even an apology to millions of people!
RT @TeamTrump: Dems plan a government TAKEOVER of healthcare.That means ELIMINATING private plans (like Blue Cross/Blue Shield)! @reald...
RT @JesseBWatters: TOMORROW: Senator @LindseyGrahamSC splashes into @WattersWorld to discuss his relationship with President @realDonaldTru...
RT @GOPChairwoman: Democrats and the mainstream media loved to talk about transparency until they learned @realDonaldTrump was declassifyin...
Thank you John, so nice! https://t.co/cfcXpzjYn7
Another activist Obama appointed judge has just ruled against us on a section of the Southern Wall that is already under construction. This is a ruling against Border Security and in favor of crime, drugs and human trafficking. We are asking for an expedited appeal!
RT @WhiteHouse: After arriving in Tokyo, President @realDonaldTrump spoke with Japanese business leaders at the U. S. Ambassador to Japan’s...
Getting ready to land in Japan with First Lady Melania. We look forward to seeing everyone soon!🇺🇸🇯🇵
Can’t believe that Rolling Thunder would be given a hard time with permits in Washington, D.C. They are great Patriots who I have gotten to know and see in action. They love our Country and love our Flag. If I can help, I will!
Democrat Senator Mark Warner is acting and talking like he is in total control of the Senate Intelligence Committee. Their is nothing bipartisan about him. He should not be allowed to take “command” of that Committee. Too important! Remember when he spoke to the Russian jokester?
"RT @Jim_Jordan: ""Rep. Jordan: When your focus is attacking Trump, you can't do what's best for America""https://t.co/prJJfetQel"
The real trade war began 30 years ago, and we lost. This is a bright new Age, the Age of Enlightenment. We don’t lose anymore! https://t.co/5ECmBpsI6D
RT @Jim_Jordan: We could work together on the big problems facing America.We could solve the border crisis, lower the cost of prescriptio...
RT @Jim_Jordan: Democrats are engaged in presidential obstruction. They're so desperate to stop the President that they won't help the coun...
In Alaska with our GREAT TROOPS, departing shortly for Japan! https://t.co/9a72TMftpN
.....The Dems want a second shot at Bob Mueller, are very unhappy with the No Collusion Report. They should not be allowed to play this game any longer - no second chances - must get back to work. So bad for our Country!
....(with many more to come) and 2 Supreme Court Justices - we are getting into record territory! Thank you all and have a great Memorial Day Weekend.
Mitch McConnell and our Republican Senators have been very solid and strong. We have accomplished a great deal together, in particular with our Courts, 107 Federal Judges....
https://t.co/8GRaqVxR8S
Departed the @WhiteHouse and am now on Air Force One with the First Lady heading to Japan and looking forward to honoring, on behalf of the United States, His Majesty, the Emperor of Japan. I will also be discussing Trade and Military with my friend, Prime Minister @AbeShinzo. https://t.co/uwEjQNbEXE
I am on Air Force one with the First Lady heading to Japan and looking forward to honoring, on behalf of the United States, His Majesty, the Emperor of Japan. I will also be discussing Trade and Military with my friend, Prime Minister @AbeShinzo.
Just spoke to Prime Minister @NarendraModi where I congratulated him on his big political victory. He is a great man and leader for the people of India - they are lucky to have him!
Congratulations to Tom Cotton - his book, “Sacred Duty: A Solider’s Tour at Arlington National Cemetery” just hit the best sellers list. I was at @ArlingtonNatl yesterday &amp, the people there were so grateful for Tom’s inspiring portrait of “The Old Guard.” Great job @TomCottonAR!
I don’t know why the Radical Left Democrats want Bob Mueller to testify when he just issued a 40 Million Dollar Report that states, loud &amp, clear &amp, for all to hear, No Collusion and No Obstruction (how do you Obstruct a NO crime?) Dems are just looking for trouble and a Do-Over!
“If they try to Impeach President Trump, who has done nothing wrong (No Collusion), they will end up getting him re-elected” @LindseyGrahamSC Impeachment is for High Crimes and Misdemeanors. There were no High Crimes and Misdemeanors, except for those committed by the other side!
“Intelligence Agencies were used against an American President.” @DevinNunes  @ShannonBream @FoxNews  This should NEVER happen to a President again! Dems are furious at Robert Mueller for his findings - NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION. Now they should go back to work and legislate!
When is Twitter going to allow the very popular Conservative Voices that it has so viciously shut down, back into the OPEN? IT IS TIME!
Wow! CNN Ratings are WAY DOWN, record lows. People are getting tired of so many Fake Stories and Anti-Trump lies. Chris Cuomo was rewarded for lowest morning ratings with a prime time spot - which is failing badly and not helping the dumbest man on television, Don Lemon!
RT @HeyTammyBruce: Very excited to join the @foxnation team! “Fox Nation Rolls Out Slate With Tyrus, Kat Timpf, Tammy Bruce, Lawrence Jones...
RT @NikkiHaley: A great night. Thank you. ❤️ https://t.co/EIKFo2UMLy
RT @TPUSA: SPEAKER ANNOUNCEMENT!Fox News Contributor @LisaMarieBooth Has Just Been Added To Our AMAZING Line-Up Of Speakers For #YWLS2019...
RT @TomFitton: BIG: @realDonaldTrump authorizes AG Barr to declassify #Spygate docs from all agencies!  Coming up! https://t.co/PzzU0kNQfL
RT @TomFitton: FBI refuses to search text messages under FOIA. Director Wray needs to step up and stop this stonewalling that protects corr...
71% of Voters rate the Economy as Excellent or Good. The highest number in more than 18 years! @QuinnipiacPoll
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: A friendly reminder from @LizRNC that the Main Stream Media who suffer from Trump Detangment Syndrome made this clown a...
“PELOSI STAMMERS THROUGH NEWS CONFERENCE” https://t.co/1OyCyqRTuk
RT @AviBerkow: Congrats ⁦@IvankaTrump⁩ on receiving the Internet Association’s 2019 Internet Freedom Award this evening. https://t.co/dE6Zh...
“Nancy Pelosi should not be out there doing the kinds of things she is doing. She will diminish herself and her membership. She cannot put a subject with a predicate in the same sentence. What’s going on?”  Ed Rollins  @GreggJarrett  @LouDobbs
....Today’s action will help ensure that all Americans learn the truth about the events that occurred, and the actions that were taken, during the last Presidential election and will restore confidence in our public institutions.” @PressSec
....during the 2016 Presidential election. The Attorney General has also been delegated full and complete authority to declassify information pertaining to this investigation, in accordance with the long-established standards for handling classified information....
“Today, at the request and recommendation of the Attorney General of the United States, President Donald J. Trump directed the intelligence community to quickly and fully cooperate with the Attorney General’s investigation into surveillance activities....
@FoxNews Poll: A majority of Americans want the Democrats to stop investigating President Trump. The Mueller Report said very strongly NO COLLUSION, which led to NO OBSTRUCTION. The Dems can’t get over 2016 or the conclusive Mueller findings. They are now the Do Nothing Party!
The U.S. Senate has just approved a 19 Billion Dollar Disaster Relief Bill, with my total approval. Great!
We will never forget our fallen HEROES. It was our great honor to be with you today! #FlagsIn https://t.co/Z6OvQUr8lT
Congratulations to Prime Minister @NarendraModi and his BJP party on their BIG election victory! Great things are in store for the US-India partnership with the return of PM Modi at the helm. I look forward to continuing our important work together!
.@NWS and @USACEHQ are monitoring the damaging storms and flooding in Oklahoma. Listen to the warnings of your local officials and stay safe. We are with you!
Our hearts go out to the people of Missouri as they woke up to assess the damage from storms. You are strong and resilient, and we are here to assist. https://t.co/paeOVcUQWn
When the Democrats in Congress refinish, for the 5th time, their Fake work on their very disappointing Mueller Report finding, they will have the time to get the REAL work of the people done. Move quickly!
I was extremely calm yesterday with my meeting with Pelosi and Schumer, knowing that they would say I was raging, which they always do, along with their partner, the Fake News Media. Well, so many stories about the meeting use the Rage narrative anyway - Fake &amp, Corrupt Press!
Rex Tillerson, a man who is “dumb as a rock” and totally ill prepared and ill equipped to be Secretary of State, made up a story (he got fired) that I was out-prepared by Vladimir Putin at a meeting in Hamburg, Germany. I don’t think Putin would agree. Look how the U.S. is doing!
The Democrats have become known as THE DO NOTHING PARTY!
....drug prices, pre-existing conditions and our great Vets. All they are geared up to do, six committees, is squander time, day after day, trying to find anything which will be bad for me. A pure fishing expedition like this never happened before, &amp, it should never happen again!
The Democrats are getting nothing done in Congress. All of their effort is about a Re-Do of the Mueller Report, which didn’t turn out the way they wanted. It is not possible for them to investigate and legislate at the same time. Their heart is not into Infrastructure, lower.....
RT @TomFitton: .@RealDonaldTrump faces a criminal conspiracy against him.... https://t.co/JbxAxW3Sha
Democrats don’t want to fix the loopholes at the Border. They don’t want to do anything. Open Borders and crime!
Zero is getting done with the Democrats in charge of the House. All they want to do is put the Mueller Report behind them and start all over again. No Do-Overs!
In a letter to her House colleagues, Nancy Pelosi said: “President Trump had a temper tantrum for us all to see.” This is not true. I was purposely very polite and calm, much as I was minutes later with the press in the Rose Garden. Can be easily proven. It is all such a lie!
I want to welcome you all to the @WhiteHouse as we award our very bravest law enforcement officers and firefighters our nation’s highest public safety award – The Medal of Valor...https://t.co/68EeQk8ZHr
....Democrat leadership is tearing the United States apart, but I will continue to set records for the American People – and Nancy, thank you so much for your prayers, I know you truly mean it!
....In the meantime, my Administration is achieving things that have never been done before, including unleashing perhaps the Greatest Economy in our Country’s history....
....But they really want a do-over! You can’t investigate and legislate simultaneously - it just doesn’t work that way. You can’t go down two tracks at the same time. Let Chuck, Nancy, Jerry, Adam and all of the rest finish playing their games....
So sad that Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer will never be able to see or understand the great promise of our Country. They can continue the Witch Hunt which has already cost $40M and been a tremendous waste of time and energy for everyone in America, or get back to work....
https://t.co/Oe8E5kk8OA
As I have long been saying, and has now been proven out, this is a Witch Hunt against the Republican Party and myself, and it was the other side that caused the problem, not us!
..BETWEEN RUSSIA AND THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN. Mr. McGahn can be forgiven for declining the honor of appearing in Mr. Nadler’s pseudo-impeachment drama.” Wall Street Journal Editorial BoardToday - May 21, 2019
“He (Jerry Nadler) wants a show. He wants to use Mr. McGahn as a prop to spend three hours claiming that Mr. Trump tried to obstruct the Mueller investigation. YET MR. MUELLER WASN’T OBSTRUCTED IN ANY WAY, HIS COPIOUS REPORT WAS RELEASED FOR ALL TO SEE, &amp, THERE WAS NO COLLUSION..
“The Democrats are in danger of becoming irrelevant because of their decision to keep taking the country on wild goose chases. They ought to start governing. You know, for a change.”  Michael Goodwin @newyorkpost
Everybody, including me, thought that when the 40 Million Dollar Mueller Report was released with No Collusion and No Obstruction (of a crime caused by others), that was the end. But no, the Democrats want to keep it going in an effort to help them in 2020. Bad for the Country!
Also, tremendous work is being done on pure renovation - fixing existing Walls that are in bad condition and ineffective, and bringing them to a very high standard!
Much of the Wall being built at the Southern Border is a complete demolition and rebuilding of old and worthless barriers with a brand new Wall and footings. Problem is, the Haters say that is not a new Wall, but rather a renovation. Wrong, and we must build where most needed....
Without the ILLEGAL Witch Hunt, my poll numbers, especially because of our historically “great” economy, would be at 65%. Too bad! The greatest Hoax in American History.
RT @senatemajldr: Today, tens of thousands of peace officers gathered in our nation’s capital to honor the service and sacrifice of their f...
RT @DevinNunes: “Warrior for the western alliance” 😳 - Why does he wait 2 months to bring USA this important information?  https://t.co/tY0...
RT @DevinNunes: Mueller changed everything- ⁦@ByronYork⁩ #muellerdossier  https://t.co/BU8rGW35CM
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: The only way to protect Americans serving overseas is to have their back. I am proud President Trump is standing up...
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: Very pleased to have confirmed another conservative judge to the Ninth Circuit. Daniel Collins will be an outstanding...
RT @GOPoversight: #ICYMI: Watch @RepMarkMeadows's opening statement from today's Government Operations Subcommittee hearing.Mr. Meadows i...
RT @ChuckGrassley: Thx to Pres Trump/Amb Lighthizer &amp, Canada/Mexico for working to get to this pt Now it’s time for Congress to do its job...
RT @ChuckGrassley: Another trade breakthru 2day w Japan lifting restrictions on US beef products. US beef into Japan has been 1 of the most...
"RT @dcexaminer: .@RepMarkMeadows: Declassification of Russia investigation docs is ""right around the corner."" https://t.co/6CpqRdCD8V"
RT @RepMarkMeadows: This week you’ll see more efforts from Democrats to re-do the Mueller investigation—hoping this time they’ll stumble on...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: A question every American should ask: what on earth was the point of a taxpayer funded special counsel if we’re going t...
RT @J_TrumpIN: Twitter VICIOUS censorship still hitting  MAGA movement HARD.JAMES WOODS SUSPENDED DAY 32!If you think this is TOTAL BS,...
The Democrats are getting ZERO work done in Congress. All they are focused on is trying to prove the Mueller Report wrong, the Witch Hunt!
After two years of an expensive and comprehensive Witch Hunt, the Democrats don’t like the result and they want a DO OVER. In other words, the Witch Hunt continues!
Everything the Democrats are asking me for is based on an illegally started investigation that failed for them, especially when the Mueller Report came back with a NO COLLUSION finding. Now they say Impeach President Trump, even though he did nothin wrong, while they “fish!”
Congratulations to Governor @MattBevin on winning the Republican Primary for Governor tonight in the Great State of KENTUCKY. Matt, you are doing a fantastic job!
Great news for Republicans: Fred Keller has just won the hard fought for Pennsylvania Congressional contest in a LANDSLIDE, over 70% of the vote. Thanks to the thousands who showed up for the Rally last night. Congratulations to Fred and his wonderful family!
John Brennan on the Mueller probe, “I don’t know if I received bad information, but I THINK I SUSPECTED THAT THERE WAS MORE THAN THERE ACTUALLY WAS.” Wow, he admits he was wrong! Congress should go back to work on drug prices etc.
The Democrats are on a fishing expedition, wanting to interview the same people, and see the same things, as we just went through for two years with Robert Mueller and the 18 Angry Dems. Never happened to a president before. Never even happened to President Obama!
After spending 40 Million Dollars, reviewing 1.4 million pages of documents, &amp, interviewing 500 people with the total support of the White House, the Mueller Report was a BIG DISAPPOINTMENT to the Democrats, so they want a DO OVER. It doesn’t work that way-so bad for our Country!
Shahira Knight has done a wonderful job as my Legislative Affairs Director at the White House. She was outstanding for us and for our Country - will be a tremendous success in the private sector!
Wow, Mark Levin’s new book opened at #1. It is great – keep it there for a long time! https://t.co/3F1xybks0R
Johnny, we will miss you – you did a great job! https://t.co/eXaASLgeSh
....at a conclusion of NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION! The Dems were unhappy with the outcome of the $40M Mueller Report, so now they want a do-over.
So even though I didn’t have to do it with Presidential Privilege, I allowed everyone to testify, including White House Counsel Don McGahn (for over 30 hours), to Robert Mueller and the 18 Angry Trump-Hating Democrats, and they arrived....
I am pleased to announce my nomination of Barbara Barrett of Arizona, and former Chairman of the Aerospace Corporation, to be the next Secretary of the Air Force. She will be an outstanding Secretary! #FlyFightWin
Pennsylvania - Don’t forget to get out and VOTE TODAY for Republican Fred Keller for Congress. Fred is Strong on Crime, Second Amendment, Military, Vets, and Healthcare. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be interviewed by Steve Hilton tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
...Mexico’s attitude is that people from other countries, including Mexico, should have the right to flow into the U.S. &amp, that U.S. taxpayers should be responsible for the tremendous costs associated w/this illegal migration. Mexico is wrong and I will soon be giving a response!
I am very disappointed that Mexico is doing virtually nothing to stop illegal immigrants from coming to our Southern Border where everyone knows that because of the Democrats, our Immigration Laws are totally flawed &amp, broken...
To the great people of Kentucky, please go out and vote for Matt Bevin today. Very important. He has done a fantastic job for you and America! #MAGA
RT @realDonaldTrump: Fred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Representative. Now he is running as the...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Megan King, who is running for Superior Court Judge in the Pennsylvania election, has my Full and Total Endorsement. S...
Just returned to the beautiful @WhiteHouse after a great evening in Pennsylvania! https://t.co/wMeh9k9knv
Megan King, who is running for Superior Court Judge in the Pennsylvania election, has my Full and Total Endorsement. She is tough on crime and fully understands all aspects of the law. Vote for Megan tomorrow (Tuesday).
Beautiful evening for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally tonight in Pennsylvania. Thank you, I love you! #MAGA https://t.co/6oqbA5Y5zU
Landing shortly in Montoursville, Pennsylvania - see everyone shortly! https://t.co/R67IxP3QPL
Fred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Representative. Now he is running as the Republican Nominee for Congress, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. He will do a fantastic job - I look forward to seeing everyone tonight! #MAGA
See you tonight at 7:00 P.M. Eastern, Montoursville, Pennsylvania! #MAGA https://t.co/Ij2AjXfRZa
....Iran will call us if and when they are ever ready. In the meantime, their economy continues to collapse - very sad for the Iranian people!
The Fake News put out a typically false statement, without any knowledge that the United States was trying to set up a negotiation with Iran. This is a false report....
On this Cuban Independence Day, we stand by the people of Cuba in their quest for freedom, democracy and prosperity. The Cuban regime must end its repression of Cubans &amp, Venezuelans. The United States will not stand idly by as Cuba continues to subvert democracy in the Americas!
Looks like Bernie Sanders is history. Sleepy Joe Biden is pulling ahead and think about it, I’m only here because of Sleepy Joe and the man who took him off the 1% trash heap, President O! China wants Sleepy Joe BADLY!
Why are the Democrats not looking into all of the crimes committed by Crooked Hillary and the phony Russia Investigation? They would get back their credibility. Jerry Nadler, Schiff,  would have a whole new future open to them. Perhaps they could even run for President!
“We have a booming economy, and working people are making gains that they haven’t seen in decades.”  Stuart Varney @foxandfriends
Two Tweets missing from last batch, probably a Twitter error. No time for a redo! Only the Dems get redos!
.....was very good and highly professional to deal with - and if for any reason I didn’t like them, I would have gone elsewhere....there was always plenty of money around and banks to choose from. They would be very happy to take my money. Fake News!
....Now the new big story is that Trump made a lot of money and buys everything for cash, he doesn’t need banks. But where did he get all of that cash? Could it be Russia? No, I built a great business and don’t need banks, but if I did they would be there...and DeutscheBank......
The Mainstream Media has never been as corrupt and deranged as it is today. FAKE NEWS is actually the biggest story of all and is the true ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE! That’s why they refuse to cover the REAL Russia Hoax. But the American people are wise to what is going on.....
....fashioned, but true. When you don’t need or want money, you don’t need or want banks. Banks have always been available to me, they want to make money. Fake Media only says this to disparage, and always uses unnamed sources (because their sources don’t even exist)......
The Failing New York Times (it will pass away when I leave office in 6 years), and others of the Fake News Media, keep writing phony stories about how I didn’t use many banks because they didn’t want to do business with me. WRONG! It is because I didn’t need money. Very old
RT @LouDobbs: God Bless President Trump--- Iran's so called leaders must think they're dealing with Bush or Obama.  #MAGA #AmericaFirst #Do...
The Mainstream Media hates to cover this! https://t.co/EMhAVWCjVf
Starting Monday, our great Farmers can begin doing business again with Mexico and Canada. They have both taken the tariff penalties off of your great agricultural product. Please be sure that you are treated fairly. Any complaints should immediately go to  @SecretarySonny Perdue!
A great win for Brooks. Congratulations to a great champion! https://t.co/74z0n2icuA
....who got them there. Chris Wallace said, “I actually think, whether you like his opinions or not, that Mayor Pete has a lot of substance...fascinating biography.” Gee, he never speaks well of me - I like Mike Wallace better...and Alfred E. Newman will never be President!
Hard to believe that @FoxNews is wasting airtime on Mayor Pete, as Chris Wallace likes to call him. Fox is moving more and more to the losing (wrong) side in covering the Dems. They got dumped from the Democrats boring debates, and they just want in. They forgot the people.....
I will be interviewed by Steve Hilton tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
If Iran wants to fight, that will be the official end of Iran. Never threaten the United States again!
False reporting yesterday. “There are no plans to send migrants to Northern or Coastal Border facilities, including Florida.” @FoxNews  Not by airplanes or any other way. Our Country is FULL, will not, and can not, take you in!
Our Economy and Jobs Market is BOOMING, the best in the World and in our Country’s history - and we have just started!
With the wonderful College, University and other Graduations taking place all over the USA, there has never been a better time than now to graduate. Best jobs market ever, great housing and financing. Go out there, work hard, &amp, have a GREAT life. You deserve it. Congratulations!
I will be interviewed by Steve Hilton tonight at 8:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Watched some of the Fake News Political Shows this morning and continue to be amazed at how every question is asked in the most negative way. The Mainstream Media should be ashamed of itself - But the good news is that the USA is wise to your game of dishonesty and deception!
....he would see that it was nevertheless strong on NO COLLUSION and, ultimately, NO OBSTRUCTION...Anyway, how do you Obstruct when there is no crime and, in fact, the crimes were committed by the other side? Justin is a loser who sadly plays right into our opponents hands!
Never a fan of @justinamash, a total lightweight who opposes me and some of our great Republican ideas and policies just for the sake of getting his name out there through controversy. If he actually read the biased Mueller Report, “composed” by 18 Angry Dems who hated Trump,....
....Conditions, drug prices down for first time in 51 years (&amp, soon will drop much further), Right to Try, protecting your 2nd Amendment, big Tax &amp, Reg Cuts, 3.2 GDP, Strong Foreign Policy, &amp, much much more that nobody else would have been able to do. Our Country is doing GREAT!
....was a depleted disaster, will soon be stronger than ever before, our Vets are finally being taken care of and now have Choice, our Courts will have 145 great new Judges, and 2 Supreme Court Justices, got rid of the disastrous Individual Mandate &amp, will protect Pre-Existing....
For all of the Fake News Sunday Political Shows, whose bias &amp, dishonesty is greater than ever seen in our Country before, please inform your viewers that our Economy is setting records, with more people employed today than at any time in U.S. history, our Military, which....
....for Life in 2020. If we are foolish and do not stay UNITED as one, all of our hard fought gains for Life can, and will, rapidly disappear!
....Federal Judges (many more to come), two great new Supreme Court Justices, the Mexico City Policy, and a whole new &amp, positive attitude about the Right to Life. The Radical Left, with late term abortion (and worse), is imploding on this issue. We must stick together and Win....
As most people know, and for those who would like to know, I am strongly Pro-Life, with the three exceptions - Rape, Incest and protecting the Life of the mother - the same position taken by Ronald Reagan. We have come very far in the last two years with 105 wonderful new.....
Courts &amp, Dems in Congress, neither of which have a clue, are trying to FORCE migrants into our Country! OUR COUNTRY IS FULL, OUR DETENTION CENTERS, HOSPITALS &amp, SCHOOLS ARE PACKED. Crazy!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Will Jerry Nadler ever look into the fact that Crooked Hillary deleted and acid washed 33,000 emails AFTER getting a m...
RT @realDonaldTrump: My Campaign for President was conclusively spied on. Nothing like this has ever happened in American Politics. A reall...
RT @realDonaldTrump: All people that are illegally coming into the United States now will be removed from our Country at a later date as we...
RT @TomFitton: Never in American history has there been such a spy effort against a candidate (@RealDonaldTrump) and abuse of power targeti...
"RT @TomFitton: Now THIS is obstruction:  FBI notes: ""Hillary cover up operation work ticket archive cleanup."" FBI knew of cover-up related..."
"RT @TomFitton: Sure enough, Weissmann had key role in hiring the ""13 angry Democrats"" for Mueller @realDonaldTrump harassment operation --..."
RT @TomFitton: Comey has significant potential criminal liability for his Spygate targeting of @RealDonaldTrump. @JudicialWatch @FoxNews ht...
Thank you Dan! https://t.co/TdvC2eVo4H
Word is out that book is GREAT! https://t.co/mTA1xcz9eQ
RT @callme_Chari: @newscomauHQ If he’s anything like Trump congratulations to you all. You have a leader who loves your country and will pu...
Congratulations to Scott on a GREAT WIN! https://t.co/IKxDrQmHfV
Our courageous and vigilant Armed Forces safeguard the blessings of liberty for us and for future generations by selflessly answering the call of duty. Today, and every day, we acknowledge and celebrate all who proudly wear our Nation’s uniforms! https://t.co/w4DNjyPqvw https://t.co/BPXkmobseQ
Consumer Sentiment in the month of May is the highest in 15 years. Very nice! @FoxNews
Today, it was my great honor to address the the National Association of REALTORS! https://t.co/LQNExa57ne
With all of the Fake and Made Up News out there, Iran can have no idea what is actually going on!
It now seems the General Flynn was under investigation long before was common knowledge. It would have been impossible for me to know this but, if that was the case, and with me being one of two people who would become president, why was I not told so that I could make a change?
The Fake News Media is hurting our Country with its fraudulent and highly inaccurate coverage of Iran. It is scattershot, poorly sourced (made up), and DANGEROUS. At least Iran doesn’t know what to think, which at this point may very well be a good thing!
Will Jerry Nadler ever look into the fact that Crooked Hillary deleted and acid washed 33,000 emails AFTER getting a most powerful demand notice for them from Congress?
My Campaign for President was conclusively spied on. Nothing like this has ever happened in American Politics. A really bad situation. TREASON means long jail sentences, and this was TREASON!
New Fox Poll: 58% of people say that the FBI broke the law in investigating Donald J. Trump. @foxandfriends
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“What happened is that Donald Trump won. Down goes Comey.” @foxandfriends
Will the Democrats give our Country a badly needed immigration win before the election? Good chance!
All people that are illegally coming into the United States now will be removed from our Country at a later date as we build up our removal forces and as the laws are changed. Please do not make yourselves too comfortable, you will be leaving soon!
Border Patrol is apprehending record numbers of people at the Southern Border. The bad “hombres,” of which there are many, are being detained &amp, will be sent home. Those which we release under the ridiculous Catch &amp, Telease loophole, are being registered and will be removed later!
The Democrats now realize that there is a National Emergency at the Border and that, if we work together, it can be immediately fixed. We need Democrat votes and all will be well!
.@BilldeBlasio is the worst Mayor in the history of New York City - he won’t last long! https://t.co/NyYntsX573
RT @WhiteHouse: “America’s last major overhaul of our legal admissions policy was 54 YEARS ago. Think of that. So a major update, and that'...
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""Our plan includes a sweeping modernization of our dysfunctional legal immigration process . . . The system will finally be..."
We are here on this beautiful spring day to unveil our plan to create a fair, modern &amp, LAWFUL system of immigration for the U.S. If adopted, our plan will transform America’s immigration system into the pride of our Nation and the envy of the modern world. https://t.co/YqyTYgTByD
Congratulations to Dan Bishop on his big Republican Primary victory in the 9th Congressional District of North Carolina. Dan is strong on Crime, Loves our Military, Vets, 2A, and great Healthcare. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement! #MAGA
RT @realDonaldTrump: The Fake News Washington Post, and even more Fake News New York Times, are writing stories that there is infighting wi...
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....Different opinions are expressed and I make a decisive and final decision - it is a very simple process. All sides...
The Dems are getting another beauty to join their group. Bill de Blasio of NYC, considered the worst mayor in the U.S., will supposedly be making an announcement for president today. He is a JOKE, but if you like high taxes &amp, crime, he’s your man. NYC HATES HIM!
RT @WhiteHouse: Tonight, the White House was lit in blue in honor of Peace Officers Memorial Day. https://t.co/Tv9nAn5M2G
RT @Trump: Ahead of the @PGAChampionship this week, @B_Dechambeau and @DJohnsonPGA joined us at @TrumpFerryPoint in support of @Curetivity!...
....Different opinions are expressed and I make a decisive and final decision - it is a very simple process. All sides, views, and policies are covered. I’m sure that Iran will want to talk soon.
The Fake News Washington Post, and even more Fake News New York Times, are writing stories that there is infighting with respect to my strong policy in the Middle East. There is no infighting whatsoever....
Thank you Andrew - We all miss beautiful Meadow! https://t.co/a5PLSwpJyx
We stand firmly, strongly, and proudly with the incredible men and women of law enforcement. You do not hear it nearly enough, but Americans across this Country love you, support you, and respect you more than you could possibly know! #PeaceOfficersMemorialDay https://t.co/T0qB5zN7WG
The courage &amp, sacrifice of our heroes is the reason our flag stands tall, our hearts beat with pride, and our Country remains one people, one family, and one NATION UNDER GOD. Today, we thank you, we honor you, &amp, we forever cherish the memory of our Fallen Men and Women in Blue! https://t.co/ARHYgDVi3M
Thank you Joe and remember, the BRAIN is much sharper also! https://t.co/h1fG1GRQ99
RT @EricTrump: Very proud of @realDonaldTrump - he is going an amazing job!Trump Average Approval Ratings Skyrocket To Highest Point In Y...
RT @EricTrump: Spare me? First you have never created a job in your life. Second, our great city has gone to shit under your leadership. Cr...
The golden era of American energy is now underway! https://t.co/gEmhoMlLoc
With incredible grit, skill, and pride, the 7,000 workers here at Sempra Energy are helping lead the American Energy Revolution. They are not only making our nation WEALTHIER but they are making America SAFER by building a future of American Energy INDEPENDENCE! https://t.co/Hqn9wEIXo9
It is great to be here in Hackberry, Louisiana with the incredible men and women who are making America into the energy superpower of the world! https://t.co/l0DrjtHf62
Today marks the one-year anniversary of the opening of the United States Embassy in Jerusalem, Israel. Our beautiful embassy stands as a proud reminder of our strong relationship with Israel and of the importance of keeping a promise and standing for the truth.
When Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan visited with me in the @WhiteHouse two weeks ago, I told him that I would be going to the G20 in Osaka, Japan. I look forward to being with him and other World Leaders!
Our great Senator (and Star) from the State of Arkansas, @TomCottonAR, has just completed a wonderful book, “Sacred Duty,” about Arlington National Cemetery and the men and women who serve with such love and devotion. On sale today, make it big!
China will be pumping money into their system and probably reducing interest rates, as always, in order to make up for the business they are, and will be, losing. If the Federal Reserve ever did a “match,” it would be game over, we win! In any event, China wants a deal!
Our great Senator (and Star) from the State of Arkansas, @TomCottonAR, has just completed a wonderful book, “Sacred Duty,” about Arlington National Cemetary and the men and women who serve with such love and devotion. On sale today, make it big!
....This money will come from the massive Tariffs being paid to the United States for allowing China, and others, to do business with us. The Farmers have been “forgotten” for many years. Their time is now!
Our great Patriot Farmers will be one of the biggest beneficiaries of what is happening now. Hopefully China will do us the honor of continuing to buy our great farm product, the best, but if not your Country will be making up the difference based on a very high China buy......
....of the tremendous ground we have lost to China on Trade since the ridiculous one sided formation of the WTO. It will all happen, and much faster than people think!
When the time is right we will make a deal with China. My respect and friendship with President Xi is unlimited but, as I have told him many times before, this must be a great deal for the United States or it just doesn’t make any sense. We have to be allowed to make up some.....
Billions of Dollars, and moving jobs back to the USA where they belong. Other countries are already negotiating with us because they don’t want this to happen to them. They must be a part of USA action. This should have been done by our leaders many years ago. Enjoy!
We can make a deal with China tomorrow, before their companies start leaving so as not to lose USA business, but the last time we were close they wanted to renegotiate the deal. No way! We are in a much better position now than any deal we could have made. Will be taking in.....
....so that they will be more competitive for USA buyers. We are now a much bigger economy than China, and have substantially increased in size since the great 2016 Election. We are the “piggy bank” that everyone wants to raid and take advantage of. NO MORE!
China buys MUCH less from us than we buy from them, by almost 500 Billion Dollars, so we are in a fantastic position. Make your product at home in the USA and there is no Tariff. You can also buy from a non-Tariffed country instead of China. Many companies are leaving China.....
In one year Tariffs have rebuilt our Steel Industry - it is booming! We placed a 25% Tariff on “dumped” steel from China &amp, other countries, and we now have a big and growing industry. We had to save Steel for our defense and auto industries, both of which are coming back strong!
I met Marine Sgt. John Peck, a quadruple amputee who has received a double arm transplant, at Walter Reed in 2017. Today, it was my honor to welcome John (HERO) to the Oval, with his wonderful wife Jessica. He also wrote a book that I highly recommend, “Rebuilding Sergeant Peck.” https://t.co/eiNnHcEU7x
Wishing former President Jimmy Carter a speedy recovery from his hip surgery earlier today. He was in such good spirits when we spoke last month - he will be fine!
Great to welcome Chairman Shin from Lotte Group to the WH. They just invested $3.1 BILLION into Louisiana-biggest investment in U.S. EVER from a South Korean company, &amp, thousands more jobs for Americans. Great partners like ROK know the U.S. economy is running stronger than ever! https://t.co/WaJxDeTuxj
Today, I officially updated my budget to include $18 million for our GREAT @SpecialOlympics, whose athletes inspire us and make our Nation so PROUD!
We must protect our Great Lakes, keeping them clean and beautiful for future generations. That’s why I am fighting for $300 million in my updated budget for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative.
Under my Administration, we are restoring @NASA to greatness and we are going back to the Moon, then Mars. I am updating my budget to include an additional $1.6 billion so that we can return to Space in a BIG WAY!
My Administration will be fighting for $200 million for the Army Corps Everglades restoration work this year. Congress needs to help us complete the world’s largest intergovernmental watershed restoration project ASAP! Good for Florida and good for the environment.
RT @WhiteHouse: This afternoon, President Trump welcomed Prime Minister Viktor Orban of Hungary to the Oval Office. https://t.co/OgdONwKRB6
..There will be nobody left in China to do business with. Very bad for China, very good for USA! But China has taken so advantage of the U.S. for so many years, that they are way ahead (Our Presidents did not do the job). Therefore, China should not retaliate-will only get worse!
...completely avoided if you buy from a non-Tariffed Country, or you buy the product inside the USA (the best idea). That’s Zero Tariffs. Many Tariffed companies will be leaving China for Vietnam and other such countries in Asia. That’s why China wants to make a deal so badly!...
There is no reason for the U.S. Consumer to pay the Tariffs, which take effect on China today. This has been proven recently when only 4 points were paid by the U.S., 21 points by China because China subsidizes product to such a large degree. Also, the Tariffs can be.....
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Because his family is on their payroll... https://t.co/73nygpO6k2
Democrat Rep. Tlaib is being slammed for her horrible and highly insensitive statement on the Holocaust. She obviously has tremendous hatred of Israel and the Jewish people. Can you imagine what would happen if I ever said what she said, and says?
Bernie Sanders, “The Economy is doing well, and I’m sure I don’t have to give Trump any credit - I’m sure he’ll take all the credit that he wants.” Wrong Bernie, the Economy is doing GREAT, and would have CRASHED if my opponent (and yours), Crooked Hillary Clinton, had ever won!
RT @GOPChairwoman: Asian Americans are winning with @realDonaldTrump: 2.1% unemployment rate – the lowest in history!Asian taxpayers re...
RT @GOPChairwoman: Joe Biden let China get away with cheating when he was Vice President, and he continues to naively dismiss China today....
Has anyone noticed that all the Boston @RedSox have done is WIN since coming to the White House! Others also have done very well. The White House visit is becoming the opposite of being on the cover of Sports Illustrated! By the way, the Boston players were GREAT guys!
The unexpectedly good first quarter 3.2% GDP was greatly helped by Tariffs from China. Some people just don’t get it!
Also, congratulations to @OANN on the great job you are doing and the big ratings jump (“thank you President Trump”)!
Thank you @foxandfriends, great show this morning and congratulations on your number one (by far) rating. Well deserved!
I say openly to President Xi &amp, all of my many friends in China that China will be hurt very badly if you don’t make a deal because companies will be forced to leave China for other countries. Too expensive to buy in China. You had a great deal, almost completed, &amp, you backed out!
..There will be nobody left in China to do business with. Very bad for China, very good for USA! But China has taken so advantage of the U.S. for so many years, that they are way ahead (Our Presidents did not do the job). Therefore, China should not retaliate-will only get worse!
....completely avoided if you by from a non-Tariffed Country, or you buy the product inside the USA (the best idea). That’s Zero Tariffs. Many Tariffed companies will be leaving China for Vietnam and other such countries in Asia. That’s why China wants to make a deal so badly!...
Their is no reason for the U.S. Consumer to pay the Tariffs, which take effect on China today. This has been proven recently when only 4 points were paid by the U.S., 21 points by China because China subsidizes product to such a large degree. Also, the Tariffs can be.....
information! As long as President Trump is President, his opposition will use every tool, and misuse every tool available, to make his life miserable.” @TomFitton @JudicialWatch @LouDobbs  Sadly, this proves I am doing a great job - Also, Best Economy and Employment Numbers EVER!
“It’s the attack strategy of harass. This is not about the Attorney General, who is very sophisticated &amp, knows it isn’t about him, it’s about trying to destroy President Trump through an assault on his AG for upholding the rule of law. He released a massive amount of......
....overthrow the President through an illegal coup.” (Recommended by previous DOJ) @TomFitton @JudicialWatch
RT @RepPeteKing: Hard to justify Senate subpoena of @DonaldJTrumpJr. After two years of investigations by Mueller, Senate &amp, House as well a...
....and the Democrat National Committee-The Democrat Party apparatus-has been caught using donor Dollars to Collude with Russian Intelligence to attack a domestic political opponent (me). The FBI has no leadership. The Director is protecting the same gang.....that tried to....
“Just another abuse of power in a long series of abuses of power by the Democrats that began during the Obama Administration, continued through the Mueller FBI operation, &amp, now the baton has been passed to Jerry Nadler to continue to abuse power to harass President Trump..
“Even Director James Clapper admits that the FBI actions against the Trump Presidential Campaign do in fact meet the definition of spying, perhaps FBI Director Christopher Wray will be the next to do so.” @LouDobbs
China is DREAMING that Sleepy Joe Biden, or any of the others, gets elected in 2020. They LOVE ripping off America!
The “Constitutional Crisis” is the Democrats refusing to work. Let them start by fixing the mess that their Immigration Laws have caused at the Southern Border.
When the Mueller Report came out showing NO Collusion with Russia (of course), it was supposed to be over, back to work for the people. But the Dems have gone “nuts,” and it has actually gotten worse! Hope the Republicans win back the House in 2020, or little will get done!
Ever since the Mueller Report showed No Collusion &amp, No Obstruction, the Dems have been working overtime to damage me and the Republican Party by issuing over 80 demands for documents and testimonies, and with NO REASON. That’s all they want to do - don’t care about anything else!
Despite two years and millions of dollars spent, the Democrats are acting like crazed lunatics ever since the results of the Mueller Report were made public. But they knew there was NOTHING even before the Report was started. It is all a big Hoax, the biggest in American history!
....employment numbers ever, low taxes &amp, regulations, a rebuilt military &amp, V.A., many great new judges, &amp, so much more. But we have had a giant SCAM perpetrated upon our nation, a Witch Hunt, a Treasonous Hoax. That is the Constitutional Crisis &amp, hopefully guilty people will pay!
The Democrats new and pathetically untrue sound bite is that we are in a “Constitutional Crisis.” They and their partner, the Fake News Media, are all told to say this as loud and as often as possible. They are a sad JOKE! We may have the strongest Economy in our history, best...
....We will then spend (match or better) the money that China may no longer be spending with our Great Patriot Farmers (Agriculture), which is a small percentage of total Tariffs received, and distribute the food to starving people in nations around the world! GREAT! #MAGA
We are right where we want to be with China. Remember, they broke the deal with us &amp, tried to renegotiate. We will be taking in Tens of Billions of Dollars in Tariffs from China. Buyers of product can make it themselves in the USA (ideal), or buy it from non-Tariffed countries...
RT @GOPChairwoman: The @realDonaldTrump effect on the 2020 Senate Map: Chuck Schumer is 0-7 in recruiting Senate challengers!https://t.c...
RT @GOPChairwoman: Republicans and @realDonaldTrump are delivering for Americans: *6M new jobs *Unemployment at 3.6%, the lowest since...
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump put forward 4 principles to protect American patients from the financial devastation of surprise...
RT @TomFitton: Schiff knew. Comey knew. Obama knew. Susan Rice knew. Biden knew. Brennan knew. Clapper knew. Peter Strzok kne...
Really sad! https://t.co/OjzNjhJeHt
https://t.co/6Xc1NJnf1Z
RT @RichLowry: I know he won’t do this, because obviously the political narrative is important to him and people around him, but Mueller sh...
RT @LisaMei62: .@KimStrassel discusses what she wrote about in her column today re: how very powerful people in DC are panicking because AG...
RT @TheRightMelissa: @RealCandaceO Yap Candace! No one in their right mind believes the crazy looney toon things coming out of the left. T...
RT @TheRightMelissa: @RealCandaceO Because if they acknowledge the reality that Trump is neither of those things, they would be essentially...
Big attacks on Republicans and Conservatives by Social Media. Not good!
https://t.co/NlL3YNhxly
....Hoax. My campaign was being seriously spied upon by intel agencies and the Democrats. This never happened before in American history, and it all turned out to be a total scam, a Witch Hunt, that yielded No Collusion, No Obstruction. This must never be allowed to happen again!
Think of it. I became President of the United States in one of the most hard fought and consequential elections in the history of our great nation. From long before I ever took office, I was under a sick &amp, unlawful investigation concerning what has become known as the Russian....
RT @VP: Under the leadership of @Potus Trump our economy is roaring. Businesses large and small have created more than 5.8 million jobs, un...
....President who is willing to have the battle, and we have a great Attorney General who is willing to lead the battle, and they are going to get to the bottom of it.” @EdRollins  @LouDobbs
“The Democrats have nothing. Just want to distract from this President. The FBI was not doing its job, the State Department was covering things up everyday for Hillary. At the end of the day they’re fearful of what they did, and should be fearful. This is a tough.....
RT @realDonaldTrump: Such an easy way to avoid Tariffs? Make or produce your goods and products in the good old USA. It’s very simple!
RT @realDonaldTrump: I think that China felt they were being beaten so badly in the recent negotiation that they may as well wait around fo...
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....The only problem is that they know I am going to win (best economy &amp, employment numbers in U.S. history, &amp, much mo...
RT @TomFitton: Democratic leaders don't want to talk about the criminal conspiracy their party was involved in related to the illegal spyin...
RT @GOPChairwoman: An Ohio manufacturing CEO explains that cracking down on China has meant stability and predictability for his business....
I was NOT going to fire Bob Mueller, and did not fire Bob Mueller. In fact, he was allowed to finish his Report with unprecedented help from the Trump Administration. Actually, lawyer Don McGahn had a much better chance of being fired than Mueller. Never a big fan!
....The only problem is that they know I am going to win (best economy &amp, employment numbers in U.S. history, &amp, much more), and the deal will become far worse for them if it has to be negotiated in my second term. Would be wise for them to act now, but love collecting BIG TARIFFS!
I think that China felt they were being beaten so badly in the recent negotiation that they may as well wait around for the next election, 2020, to see if they could get lucky &amp, have a Democrat win - in which case they would continue to rip-off the USA for $500 Billion a year....
So now the Radical Left Dems don’t talk about Collusion anymore, because the Mueller Report said there was No Collusion, they only want to talk about Obstruction, even though there was No Obstruction or No Crime - except for the crimes committed by the other side!
RT @GovMikeHuckabee: If Sen Burr didn't get enough flesh out of @DonaldJTrumpJr in the 1st 29 hrs of hammering, then hold him back a grade...
I won the 2016 Election partially based on no Tax Returns while I am under audit (which I still am), and the voters didn’t care. Now the Radical Left Democrats want to again relitigate this matter. Make it a part of the 2020 Election!
Such an easy way to avoid Tariffs? Make or produce your goods and products in the good old USA. It’s very simple!
RT @ByronYork: If she was part of Russia 2016 campaign operation, odd that Mueller wasn't interested...RT @texan_21c: @ByronYork She was a...
RT @nedryun: Love how Comey and Baker trying to get out there ahead of FISA report. But sorry, boys. Barr doesn’t give a rip about public o...
"RT @WhiteHouse: Sen. @HawleyMO: “Large quantities of drugs are smuggled across the border. Isn’t that right?""Border Patrol Chief: “That i..."
RT @nedryun: Exactly. https://t.co/Fj6UiFWekS
RT @theamgreatness: More than 1,000 Conservatives Rally at Philly Planned Parenthood Where Unhinged Dem Bullied Pro-Lifers https://t.co/k5r...
RT @nedryun: Reminder: this guy is still on Twitter. Laura Loomer is not. The solution is not to ban this anti-Semite. The goal is to have...
RT @KamVTV: The FBI should be ASHAMED! They used unverified OPPOSITION research to get a FISA warrant to SPY on an American citizen?! They...
RT @brithume: Are Democratic voters really fooled by this show? Jerry Nadler’s strategy clearly aims at provoking a confrontation for polit...
RT @GeraldoRivera: If you were @DonaldJTrumpJr &amp, had already testified for 30+ hours about same damn singular meeting at #TrumpTower wouldn...
RT @AriFleischer: Of all the radical ideas in the D primary, this may be the most radical. This is a magnet that will make more people ente...
RT @BradleyByrne: Despite spending millions and countless hours on an investigation that found NOTHING, some want to keep this nonsense goi...
RT @MZanona: .@GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy says GOP-led Senate Intelligence Committee was wrong to subpoena Donald Trump Jr.
"RT @jason_donner: Chuck Grassley: ""I think about the time that he [Trump Jr.] spent hours w/our staff &amp, testimony...everything post the Mue..."
RT @Jim_Jordan: Senate Intel subpoenas @DonaldJTrumpJr. He’s already testified for 25 hours. But they’re bringing him back based on Micha...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Serving a subpoena to Don Trump Jr.—a private citizen who voluntarily testified before 3 Congressional committees for 2...
RT @SergioGor: Speaking to reporters just now @RandPaul calls for an end to the Senate intel investigation. As we’ve heard from @senatemajl...
RT @tedcruz: The Russia investigation is over. After 2 years of Dem &amp, media hysteria, after millions of dollars, after 2800 subpoenas, the...
RT @GovMikeHuckabee: I sure wish Sen Richard Burr was as interested in Biden's cushy deals w/ Ukraine &amp, China while VP than he is in the ha...
We have lost 500 Billion Dollars a year, for many years, on Crazy Trade with China. NO MORE!
RT @ThomTillis: Case closed! The Mueller Report has cleared @DonaldJTrumpJr  and the dems are now making this all about politics. Let’s mov...
"RT @dbongino: ""I think it’s all about trying to destroy Bill Barr because Democrats are nervous he’s going to get to the bottom of everythi..."
RT @GOPChairwoman: While @realDonaldTrump is standing up to China’s unfair trade practices, Joe Biden says they are not “competition for us...
RT @JeffLandry: It's very concerning a U.S. Senate Committee would subpoena @DonaldJTrumpJr after he already testified for hours before a S...
RT @BreitbartNews: .@tedcruz joins the ranks of Republican lawmakers criticizing Sen. Richard Burr (R-NC) for keeping the Collusion Hoax al...
RT @GOP: “This is crazy... China not being a threat? [Biden is] so out of touch.” -@kayleighmcenany https://t.co/wlpYxS7wTS
RT @DevinNunes: FBI's Steele story falls apart: False intel and media contacts were flagged before FISA | ⁦@jsolomonReports⁩  https://t.co/...
RT @RealSaavedra: Sean Hannity slams @SenatorBurr: “Are you a collusion truther? How many times do you want Donald Trump Jr. and other peop...
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: When it comes to China, they will never change their behavior until someone stands up to them.  I’m proud of President...
RT @RealSaavedra: .@RudyGiuliani goes off on Republican @SenatorBurr for continuing to issue subpoenas after @senatemajldr Mitch McConnell...
RT @KimStrassel: This is a very important story.  https://t.co/G4w2LDXEm8
RT @hughhewitt: I don't know, have never met or spoken w/ @DonaldJTrumpJr, but his being subpoenaed by Senate Intel AFTER SC report finds n...
"RT @thehill: Mike Huckabee: ""Did senators forget that Trump Jr. answered the questions already?"" via @TheHillOpinion https://t.co/sL00Z17A3..."
RT @TomFitton: .@SenatorBurr harasses @DonaldJTrumpJr with another subpoena while excusing unprecedented corruption targeting @realDonaldTr...
RT @Jim_Jordan: Bill Barr used two frightening terms when he testified in front of the Senate last month:-Unauthorized surveillance-Poli...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Build your products in the United States and there are NO TARIFFS!
RT @kimguilfoyle: Nolte: Trump's Job Approval Booms to Highest Mark Since Inauguration https://t.co/QtySKQ9OrP via @BreitbartNews
RT @TommyHicksGOP: For years, China has engaged in unfair trade practices. While the US-China relationship is important, @realDonaldTrump i...
RT @robbystarbuck: Why is this not the #1 news on every major news outlet tonight? President Trump’s Admin secured a historic donation of H...
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: Will stand behind President @realDonaldTrump and his team as he insists on a  great deal with China.  It’s our last...
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: @realDonaldTrump When it comes to China, we must be willing to accept short term pain for long term gain. Stick to y...
RT @GOPChairwoman: We've added 6 MILLION jobs since @realDonaldTrump’s election, unemployment is at record lows &amp, wages are on the rise.O...
RT @RudyGiuliani: The evidence is mounting that Comey deceived the FISA court concerning the Steele dossier. State did a quick verification...
RT @johncatsjr: Trump Economy vs Obama EconomyManufacturing jobs created:Trump: 470,000Obama: -206,000Under Obama, unemployment decli...
RT @RealSaavedra: BREAKING: The father of one of the STEM School Highlands Ranch shooters was a *criminal illegal alien from Mexico* who wa...
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Very proud to have a President do what what he said he was going to do. For decades now @realdonaldtrump has been signa...
RT @TomFitton: ICYMI: Mueller Report Was A Political Tool To Attack President @RealDonaldTrump https://t.co/cSuMc56cni via @JudicialWatch @...
RT @TomFitton: DNC Worked With Russian Intel to Overthrow President @RealDonaldTrump. THIS is why we have the abusive contempt attack on AG...
"RT @TomFitton: List of Hillary's spies. Deep State DOJ redacted Bruce Ohr's list of ""intermediaries"" used by Obama-Clinton-DNC's Fusion GPS..."
RT @RMConservative: Today's show: Congress Believes Everything is a Disaster and Emergency Except for the Border https://t.co/678oIdCKJx
RT @TomFitton: A federal court granted @JudicialWatch discovery on Clinton emails because the court wanted answers about the cover-up. And...
RT @TomFitton: Of course, there's a #NationalEmergency on the border. @RealDonaldTrump is absolutely right about the border crisis and shou...
"RT @TomFitton: FBI Official: Barack Obama's White House Was A ""Repository"" For Hillary Clinton's Emails - @JudicialWatch https://t.co/8bONh..."
RT @TomFitton: Coming up! https://t.co/bOwV0Gs262
RT @hughhewitt: The Mueller probe has concluded, after vast effort, that there was no collusion. Senate Intel subpoena to @DonaldJTrumpJr s...
RT @TomFitton: BREAKING: New emails show Obama WH orchestrated Clinton email coverup, Illegal spying on @realDonaldTrump biggest corruption...
RT @SenThomTillis: I agree with Leader McConnell: this case is closed. The Mueller Report cleared @DonaldJTrumpJr and he’s already spent 27...
RT @SenThomTillis: Please watch and share this testimony from Carla Provost, @USBPChief, Chief of the US Border Patrol about the ongoing cr...
RT @Politi_Chatter: @realDonaldTrump Today Twitter crossed the line &amp, Suspended the Conservative run @WeSupport45 account without explanati...
RT @TomFitton: SPYGATE CRIMES: Nadler abuse targeting AG Barr and @RealDonaldTrump designed to distract from the fact that the DNC/Dem Part...
RT @GOPChairwoman: The @realDonaldTrump re-election campaign has reported more female donors than any other candidate – and it’s not even c...
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers, far more than China buys now, we would have more...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much e...
Military spouses share an admirable legacy of unwavering devotion to their loved ones in uniform and to the cause of freedom. On Military Spouse Day, we honor our Nation’s military spouses and express our deep appreciation for all that they do! https://t.co/B3NrKc698y
....into the future will continue. In the meantime, the United States has imposed Tariffs on China, which may or may not be removed depending on what happens with respect to future negotiations!
Over the course of the past two days, the United States and China have held candid and constructive conversations on the status of the trade relationship between both countries. The relationship between President Xi and myself remains a very strong one, and conversations....
Great Republican vote today on Disaster Relief Bill. We will now work out a bipartisan solution that gets relief for our great States and Farmers. Thank you to all. Get me a Bill that I can quickly sign!
“We have been engaged in an unfair relationship with China for a long time. They have reneged on the commitments they made to the WTO, particularly around intellectual property.” Carly Fiorina @MariaBartiromo
Looks to me like it’s going to be SleepyCreepy Joe over Crazy Bernie. Everyone else is fading fast!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Republicans must stick together! https://t.co/APrvcjpqOp
Great Consumer Price Index just out. Really good, very low inflation! We have a great chance to “really rock!” Good numbers all around.
Your all time favorite President got tired of waiting for China to help out and start buying from our FARMERS, the greatest anywhere in the World!
Build your products in the United States and there are NO TARIFFS!
....If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers, far more than China buys now, we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure, Healthcare, or anything else. China would greatly slow down, and we would automatically speed up!
Build your products in the United States and there are NO TARIFFS!
The average 401(k) balance has SOARED since the bottom of the market - 466%. Wow!
Tariffs will make our Country MUCH STRONGER, not weaker. Just sit back and watch! In the meantime, China should not renegotiate deals with the U.S. at the last minute. This is not the Obama Administration, or the Administration of Sleepy Joe, who let China get away with “murder!”
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much easier &amp, quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better, faster, and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted, or go to new source!
Talks with China continue in a very congenial manner - there is absolutely no need to rush - as Tariffs are NOW being paid to the United States by China of 25% on 250 Billion Dollars worth of goods &amp, products. These massive payments go directly to the Treasury of the U.S....
....agricultural products from our Great Farmers, in larger amounts than China ever did, and ship it to poor &amp, starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!
....The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25% on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U.S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods &amp, products, a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in, we will buy.....
V.P. Mike Pence will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 A.M. Enjoy!
....If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers, far more than China buys now, we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure, Healthcare, or anything else. China would greatly slow down, and we would automatically speed up!
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much easier &amp, quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better, faster, and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted, or go to new source!
....agricultural products from our Great Farmers, in larger amounts than China ever did, and ship it to poor &amp, starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!
....The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25% on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U.S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods &amp, products, a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in, we will buy.....
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our Country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much easier &amp, quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better, faster, and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted, or go to new source!
....If we bought 15 Billion Dollars of Agriculture from our Farmers, far more than China buys now, we would have more than 85 Billion Dollars left over for new Infrastructure, Healthcare, or anything else. China would greatly slow down, and we would automatically speed up!
Tariffs will bring in FAR MORE wealth to our country than even a phenomenal deal of the traditional kind. Also, much easier &amp, quicker to do. Our Farmers will do better, faster, and starving nations can now be helped. Waivers on some products will be granted, or go to new source!
....agricultural products from our Great Farmers, in larger amounts than China ever did, and ship it to poor &amp, starving countries in the form of humanitarian assistance. In the meantime we will continue to negotiate with China in the hopes that they do not again try to redo deal!
....The process has begun to place additional Tariffs at 25% on the remaining 325 Billion Dollars. The U.S. only sells China approximately 100 Billion Dollars of goods &amp, products, a very big imbalance. With the over 100 Billion Dollars in Tariffs that we take in, we will buy.....
Talks with China continue in a very congenial manner - there is absolutely no need to rush - as Tariffs are NOW being paid to the United States by China of 25% on 250 Billion Dollars worth of goods &amp, products. These massive payments go directly to the Treasury of the U.S.......
Republicans must stick together! https://t.co/APrvcjpqOp
James Comey is a disgrace to the FBI &amp, will go down as the worst Director in its long and once proud history. He brought the FBI down, almost all Republicans &amp, Democrats thought he should be FIRED, but the FBI will regain greatness because of the great men &amp, women who work there!
RT @TeamTrump: President Trump is committed to protecting patients and their families from surprise medical bills.Hospitals and insurance...
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump hosted the 2018 World Series Champions, the Boston @RedSox, at the White House! https://t.co/68f...
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Awesome!!! 👏 https://t.co/SOWlOLzRxs
RT @GOPChairwoman: Why do Democrats keeping fixating on the same Russia collusion lies?Because they don’t want to admit that:-our econom...
RT @seanhannity: HANNITY IS ON LIVE with The Great One @MarkLevinShow! We’ll break down the Democrats’ disregard for the rule of law and Hi...
RT @HouseGOP: D's bill on the floor today has nothing to do w/ pre-existing conditions. But it will prevent states from reducing the pric...
RT @DanCrenshawTX: We reached a new low in deceitful politics today. The lies about protection for pre-existing conditions continue. Th...
RT @VP: Great to be at R&amp,J Johnson Farms in  Glyndon, Minnesota today! Since the earliest days of our administration, @POTUS has promised t...
House Republicans should not vote for the BAD DEMOCRAT Disaster Supplemental Bill which hurts our States, Farmers &amp, Border Security. Up for vote tomorrow. We want to do much better than this. All sides keep working and send a good BILL for immediate signing!
Today, it was my honor to welcome the 2018 World Series Champion Boston @RedSox to the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/yHAClpttLM
Great news today: My Administration just secured a historic donation of HIV prevention drugs from Gilead to help expand access to PrEP for the uninsured and those at risk. Will help us achieve our goal of ending the HIV epidemic in America! https://t.co/wux5QasWgW
After a great rally in Panama City Beach, Florida - I am returning to Washington, D.C. with @SenRickScott and Senator @MarcoRubio, discussing the terrible abuses by Maduro. America stands with the GREAT PEOPLE of Venezuela for however long it takes! https://t.co/KcBoNfEibv
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/gOXXHnHHG5
Beautiful evening in Panama City Beach, Florida. Thank you! #MAGAhttps://t.co/lNBM9sED2f
Big crowds in Panama City Beach, Florida. See everyone in 30 minutes! @FoxNews @TuckerCarlson @SeanHannity https://t.co/57tngL1W2i
Just landed in Panama City Beach, Florida for a rally beginning at 8:00 P.M. Eastern. Will be live on @FoxNews! #MAGA @tuckercarlson @seanhannity
Big announcement today: Drug companies have to come clean about their prices in TV ads. Historic transparency for American patients is here. If drug companies are ashamed of those prices—lower them!
“The reality is, with the Tariffs, the economy has grown more rapidly in the United States and much more slowly in China.” Peter Morici, Former Chief Economist, USITC
Getting ready to leave for one of my favorite places, the Florida Panhandle, where we’ve given, and are giving, billions of $$$ for the devastation caused by Hurricane Michael. Even though the Dems are totally in our way (they don’t want money to go there) we’re getting it done!
Thank you @NewtGingrich &amp, @FoxandFriends! https://t.co/GYJ7U2k7nn
Our Nation grieves at the unspeakable violence that took a precious young life and badly injured others in Colorado. God be with the families and thank you to the First Responders for bravely intervening. We are in close contact with Law Enforcement.
Republicans shouldn’t vote for H.R. 312, a special interest casino Bill, backed by Elizabeth (Pocahontas) Warren. It is unfair and doesn’t treat Native Americans equally!
....in 3 separate locations, creating another 450 jobs. I have been working nicely with GM to get this done. Thank you to Mary B, your GREAT Governor, and Senator Rob Portman. With all the car companies coming back, and much more, THE USA IS BOOMING!
GREAT NEWS FOR OHIO! Just spoke to Mary Barra, CEO of General Motors, who informed me that, subject to a UAW agreement etc., GM will be selling their beautiful Lordstown Plant to Workhorse, where they plan to build Electric Trucks. GM will also be spending $700,000,000 in Ohio...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Real estate developers in the 1980’s &amp, 1990’s, more than 30 years ago, were entitled to massive write offs and depreci...
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....you would get it by building, or even buying. You always wanted to show losses for tax purposes....almost all real...
RT @realDonaldTrump: “CASE CLOSED!” @SenateMajLDR https://t.co/TOIatsmu4U
“This British Spy, Christopher Steele, tried so hard to get this (the Fake Dossier) out before the Election. Why?”  @kilmeade @foxandfriends
“Everyone wants to know who needs to be accountable, because it took up two years of our lives talking about this Russian involvement. It proved No Collusion, &amp, people want to trace it back to see how this all happened?” @ainsleyearhardt @foxandfriends  TREASONOUS HOAX!
Big Court win at our Southern Border! We are getting there - and Wall is being built!
“Shouldn’t 2015 and 2016 be revealed, how Intelligence Agencies, FBI, tried to sabotage a particular campaign - never been done before?” @SteveForbesCEO @MariaBartiromo
“The real “Obstruction of Justice” is what the Democrats are trying to do to this Attorney General.” Congressman Jim Jordan (R-Ohio). @MariaBartiromo
....Guess what, that’s not going to happen! China has just informed us that they (Vice-Premier) are now coming to the U.S. to make a deal. We’ll see, but I am very happy with over $100 Billion a year in Tariffs filling U.S. coffers...great for U.S., not good for China!
The reason for the China pullback &amp, attempted renegotiation of the Trade Deal is the sincere HOPE that they will be able to “negotiate” with Joe Biden or one of the very weak Democrats, and thereby continue to ripoff the United States (($500 Billion a year)) for years to come....
RT @GOPLeader: Democrats and Republicans should be working together to lower the cost of prescription drugs.  What are Democrats doing in...
RT @TXRandy14: Today, I led my Republican colleagues in asking for the #BornAliveAct to be taken up. Dem Leadership again denied our reques...
RT @GOPLeader: I am grateful to the millions of teachers who put their heart (and countless hours!) into their work. Thank you for your pas...
....you would get it by building, or even buying. You always wanted to show losses for tax purposes....almost all real estate developers did - and often re-negotiate with banks, it was sport. Additionally, the very old information put out is a highly inaccurate Fake News hit job!
Real estate developers in the 1980’s &amp, 1990’s, more than 30 years ago, were entitled to massive write offs and depreciation which would, if one was actively building, show losses and tax losses in almost all cases. Much was non monetary. Sometimes considered “tax shelter,” ......
“CASE CLOSED!” @SenateMajLDR https://t.co/TOIatsmu4U
McConnell Backs Trump: Mueller Report Is 'Case Closed' | Breitbart https://t.co/eOWQSJX7lO via @BreitbartNews
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE NOW: President Trump Presents the Presidential Medal of Freedom to Tiger Woods https://t.co/tqZdiXay5T
RT @realDonaldTrump: Puerto Rico has been given more money by Congress for Hurricane Disaster Relief, 91 Billion Dollars, than any State in...
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....Alabama, Iowa, Nebraska, Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina and others unless much more money is given to Pue...
I am pleased to inform you that THE BIG FIREWORKS, after many years of not having any, are coming back to beautiful Mount Rushmore in South Dakota. Great work @GovKristiNoem and @SecBernhardt! #MAGA
RT @TigerWoods: It’s an incredible privilege to be awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom. Considering the recipients, history, and what...
RT @GOPChairwoman: Hillary Clinton is STILL claiming the election was “stolen” from her. It wasn’t.She had a failed message and complet...
RT @TeamTrump: BIG NEWS: Nearly HALF of @realdonaldtrump’s 2020 campaign contributions this year have come from WOMEN donors.#WomenForTru...
RT @TeamTrump: President @realDonaldTrump is hard at work for the American people!#ThanksPresidentTrump #MAGA https://t.co/ehPs7iEn1u
RT @GOPChairwoman: Ever wonder why the Democrats are so obsessed with Russia?  They want to distract from how strong our economy is under...
He wants to impeach because they can’t win election. Sad! https://t.co/oFO6wMVhYt
'Forgotten Man' Story: Under Trump, Red Counties Economically Thrive https://t.co/eboFUSJH1u via @BreitbartNews
Congratulations @TigerWoods - you are truly one of a kind! https://t.co/B6YpeLZilo
RT @WhiteHouse: On the one year anniversary of @FLOTUS' initiative, Be Best, take a look back at some of the highlights! #BeBest https://t....
Democrats in Congress must vote to close the terrible loopholes at the Southern Border. If not, harsh measures will have to be taken!
Today, it was my true honor to present the Commander-in-Chief’s Trophy—for the second year in a row, to the @ArmyWP_Football Black Knights. Congratulations once again on your historic victories, and keep on making us proud! https://t.co/nGOC4PQn6S
Congratulations @ArmyWP_Football!https://t.co/jzc35XNLl3
Just spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan concerning North Korea and Trade. Very good conversation!
....Alabama, Iowa, Nebraska, Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina and others unless much more money is given to Puerto Rico. The Dems don’t want farmers to get any help. Puerto Rico should be very happy and the Dems should stop blocking much needed Disaster Relief!
Puerto Rico has been given more money by Congress for Hurricane Disaster Relief, 91 Billion Dollars, than any State in the history of the U.S. As an example, Florida got $12 Billion &amp, Texas $39 Billion for their monster hurricanes. Now the Democrats are saying NO Relief to......
RT @DanScavino: I am with the President at the Southern White House, I have never seen him happier!
Scott Walker is 100% correct when he says that the Republicans must WAKE UP to the Democrats State by State power grab. They play very dirty, actually, like never before. Don’t allow them to get away with what they are doing!
The United States has been losing, for many years, 600 to 800 Billion Dollars a year on Trade. With China we lose 500 Billion Dollars. Sorry, we’re not going to be doing that anymore!
Also, there are “No High Crimes &amp, Misdemeanors,” No Collusion, No Conspiracy, No Obstruction. ALL THE CRIMES ARE ON THE OTHER SIDE, and that’s what the Dems should be looking at, but they won’t. Nevertheless, the tables are turning!
“Democrat Texas Congressman Al Green says impeachment is the only thing that can prevent President Trump from re-election in 2020.” @OANN  In other words, Dems can’t win the election fairly. You can’t impeach a president for creating the best economy in our country’s history.....
.....The Witch Hunt is over but we will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Despite the tremendous success that I have had as President, including perhaps the greatest ECONOMY and most successful first two years of any President in history, they have stolen two years of my (our) Presidency (Collusion Delusion) that we will never be able to get back.....
....To the Gazan people — these terrorist acts against Israel will bring you nothing but more misery. END the violence and work towards peace - it can happen!
Once again, Israel faces a barrage of deadly rocket attacks by terrorist groups Hamas and Islamic Jihad. We support Israel 100% in its defense of its citizens....
Pending the confirmation of Mark Morgan as our Nation’s new ICE Director, Matt Albence will serve in the role of Acting Director. Matt is tough and dedicated and has my full support to deploy ICE to the maximum extent of the law! #MAGA
....The Witch Hunt is over but we will never forget. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Despite the tremendous success that I have had as President, including perhaps the greatest ECONOMY and most successful first two years of any President in history, they have stollen two years of my (our) Presidency (Collusion Delusion) that we will never be able to get back.....
RT @GOPChairwoman: Our economy:*263,000 jobs in April, beating expectations.*5.4M jobs created since @realDonaldTrump took office.*Un...
RT @JerryFalwellJr: After the best week ever for @realDonaldTrump - no obstruction, no collusion, NYT admits @BarackObama did spy on his ca...
RT @IngrahamAngle: Excellent decision by @realDonaldTrump! No other president has had the guts to take on the China challenge.  #AmericaNow...
RT @MariaBartiromo: most important from @GeorgePapa19 interview @SundayFutures @FoxNews was the London Cntr for int'l law reached out to hi...
RT @GOPChairwoman: Comey’s FBI sent undercover agents to spy on @realDonaldTrump’s campaign.It’s a stunning revelation of the lengths the...
“This is not Congressional Oversight, this is bullying.” Jason Riley, The Wall Street Journal
“The Report sounded an awful lot as being Comeyesque, in other words, I’m not going to charge this person (there wasn’t even close to being a crime), but I’m going to criticize him on the way out the door. That’s unfortunate because it’s stepping outside of the role.” Robert Ray
....to testify. Are they looking for a redo because they hated seeing the strong NO COLLUSION conclusion? There was no crime, except on the other side (incredibly not covered in the Report), and NO OBSTRUCTION. Bob Mueller should not testify. No redos for the Dems!
After spending more than $35,000,000 over a two year period, interviewing 500 people, using 18 Trump Hating Angry Democrats &amp, 49 FBI Agents - all culminating in a more than 400 page Report showing NO COLLUSION - why would the Democrats in Congress now need Robert Mueller.......
....of additional goods sent to us by China remain untaxed, but will be shortly, at a rate of 25%. The Tariffs paid to the USA have had little impact on product cost, mostly borne by China. The Trade Deal with China continues, but too slowly, as they attempt to renegotiate. No!
For 10 months, China has been paying Tariffs to the USA of 25% on 50 Billion Dollars of High Tech, and 10% on 200 Billion Dollars of other goods. These payments are partially responsible for our great economic results. The 10% will go up to 25% on Friday. 325 Billions Dollars....
The Kentucky Derby decision was not a good one. It was a rough &amp, tumble race on a wet and sloppy track, actually, a beautiful thing to watch. Only in these days of political correctness could such an overturn occur. The best horse did NOT win the Kentucky Derby - not even close!
I am pleased to inform all of those that believe in a strong, fair and sound Immigration Policy that Mark Morgan will be joining the Trump Administration as the head of our hard working men and women of ICE. Mark is a true believer and American Patriot. He will do a great job!
RT @ericbolling: Hispanic Unemployment hit a record low today! Here’s a clip of a big Special “AMericA” airing today I chatted with a gro...
RT @VP: Honored to be with these congregations. @POTUS &amp, I are with you. Our prayers are with you. Your resilience, your faith, and your co...
RT @VP: Joined the pastors of  Mt Pleasant Baptist Church, St. Mary Baptist Church, &amp, Greater Union Baptist Church at what remains of Mt Pl...
https://t.co/bCvpOGCD4t
RT @JudicialWatch: Judicial Watch announced it received 756 pages of newly uncovered emails that were among the materials former Secretary...
RT @JudicialWatch: JW announced that a senior FBI official admitted, in writing and under oath, that the agency found Clinton email records...
RT @JudicialWatch: Judicial Watch President @TomFitton breaks down a list of lawsuits that Judicial Watch has filed to get to the truth abo...
RT @JudicialWatch: .@realDonaldTrump retweeted our petition! Right now, our borders are being used as gateways for drug cartels &amp, violent c...
RT @HH41848213: When you look at the continuous incorrect statements by Napolitano over the past 2 years, it is fair to ask FNC why they al...
The Kentuky Derby decision was not a good one. It was a rough and tumble race on a wet and sloppy track, actually, a beautiful thing to watch. Only in these days of political correctness could such an overturn occur. The best horse did NOT win the Kentucky Derby - not even close!
RT @mike_pence: Congratulations to @derekbrownutah on becoming Chairman of the @UtahGOP! Utah’s economy is on FIRE thanks to the leadership...
RT @DailyCaller: DOJ Asks Courts To Lighten Up On Qualcomm As It Battles China For 5G Supremacy https://t.co/6CEMpAwJZF
RT @DailyCaller: CNN’s Tapper: Is Trump Not Getting Enough Credit For The Economy? https://t.co/zTWeMmZKF8
RT @DailyCaller: Trump Cuts Off States From Skimming Medicaid Payments For Big Labor https://t.co/nWI8A8tomB
RT @DailyCaller: April Jobs Report: 263,000 Jobs Added, Unemployment At 3.6 Percent https://t.co/ham2RwREKA
Mike has been a fantastic Senator! https://t.co/WKSAfbeARz
How can it be possible that James Woods (and many others), a strong but responsible Conservative Voice, is banned from Twitter? Social Media &amp, Fake News Media, together with their partner, the Democrat Party, have no idea the problems they are causing for themselves. VERY UNFAIR!
Today, May 4th - is International Firefighters Day! We remember all of those who put their lives on the line to save others, and are grateful to those who continue to do so 24/7/365. We love our great firefighters, thank you! #ThankAFirefighter https://t.co/LBSfQRFZ7k
RT @IvankaTrump: The last time the unemployment rate was this low we were about to land for the first time on the moon! Happy April #Jobs...
RT @anshulblp1996: @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/JE35yONsry
RT @TrumpStudents: @realDonaldTrump With President Trump leading us, America is a BETTER and SAFER place🇺🇸
RT @charliekirk11: BOOM:Despite horrendous media treatment coverage Trump stands at 51% approval rating!They tried to defame himThey...
RT @WhiteHouse: We're killing it on the economy! 🔥 https://t.co/hme0eihP9c
Very good call yesterday with President Putin of Russia. Tremendous potential for a good/great relationship with Russia, despite what you read and see in the Fake News Media. Look how they have misled you on “Russia Collusion.” The World can be a better and safer place. Nice!
Anything in this very interesting world is possible, but I believe that Kim Jong Un fully realizes the great economic potential of North Korea, &amp, will do nothing to interfere or end it. He also knows that I am with him &amp, does not want to break his promise to me. Deal will happen!
RT @realDonaldTrump: So great to watch this! https://t.co/pYoiLjM0pz
When will the Radical Left Wing Media apologize to me for knowingly getting the Russia Collusion Delusion story so wrong? The real story is about to happen! Why is @nytimes, @washingtonpost, @CNN, @MSNBC allowed to be on Twitter &amp, Facebook. Much of what they do is FAKE NEWS!
RT @PrisonPlanet: “Dangerous”.My opinions?Or giving a handful of giant partisan corporations the power to decide who has free speech?...
RT @iheartmindy: So James Woods was kicked off Twitter for quoting Ralph Waldo Emerson...but @TalbertSwan the racist fake man of God, that’...
RT @Lauren_Southern: Lmao at establishment conservatives who think they won’t be labeled the new “dangerous” / “extremist” voices when thos...
RT @JeremyDBoreing: Those suggesting Facebook can ban anyone for any reason because they are a private company do not understand the platfo...
RT @PrisonPlanet: The support for me has been incredible. This could actually lead to some genuine change. Keep up the pressure. Don't let...
RT @EricTrump: Great being with the team at @TrumpGolfPhilly! Such an unbelievable course and property! This is truly one of #TomFazios gre...
So great to watch this! https://t.co/pYoiLjM0pz
Steve Moore, a great pro-growth economist and a truly fine person, has decided to withdraw from the Fed process. Steve won the battle of ideas including Tax Cuts....
There is nothing easy about a USA Infrastructure Plan, especially when our great Country has spent an astounding 7 trillion dollars in the Middle East over the last 19 years, but I am looking hard at a bipartisan plan of 1 to 2 trillion dollars. Badly needed!
RT @DevinNunes: Perhaps the best @ChuckGrassley clip of all time... https://t.co/aMzUz516Dn
“They wanted to know what Trump was up to with the Russians - which of course is nonsense. This whole thing was a complete setup.” George Papadopoulos to @seanhannity
As the great people of IA, IL, &amp, MO continue to confront the devastating flooding, know we are here for you and ready to help! My team remains in close contact with @IAGovernor, @GovParsonMO, @GovPritzker, and the local officials managing the impacts of the destructive flooding.
So surprised to see Conservative thinkers like James Woods banned from Twitter, and Paul Watson banned from Facebook! https://t.co/eHX3Z5CMXb
The wonderful Diamond and Silk have been treated so horribly by Facebook. They work so hard and what has been done to them is very sad - and we’re looking into. It’s getting worse and worse for Conservatives on social media!
I am continuing to monitor the censorship of AMERICAN CITIZENS on social media platforms. This is the United States of America — and we have what’s known as FREEDOM OF SPEECH! We are monitoring and watching, closely!!
The International Association of Firefighters Union is rebelling on their very foolish leader. Perhaps they will vote him out of office. He doesn’t get it! https://t.co/NmaasMxOLE https://t.co/7tMG5NtvwO
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump welcomed Prime Minister Peter Pellegrini of the Slovak Republic for his first visit in the Oval Office toda...
Fred Keller of the Great State of Pennsylvania has been an outstanding State Rep. Now he is running as the Republican Nominee for Congress, and has my Complete and Total Endorsement. Strong on Crime, Second Amendment, Military, Vets, and Healthcare. He will do a fantastic job!
....We discussed Trade, Venezuela, Ukraine, North Korea, Nuclear Arms Control and even the “Russian Hoax.” Very productive talk!
Had a long and very good conversation with President Putin of Russia. As I have always said, long before the Witch Hunt started, getting along with Russia, China, and everyone is a good thing, not a bad thing....
We can all agree that AMERICA is now #1. We are the ENVY of the WORLD — and the best is yet to come! https://t.co/Uc81DzHbu2
“The U.S. Created 263,000 Jobs in April, Unemployment Fell to Lowest Level Since 1969” https://t.co/TtQy5yJDku
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!“Jobs surge in April, unemployment rate falls to the lowest since 1969” https://t.co/4DGpumMISf
Finally, Mainstream Media is getting involved - too “hot” to avoid. Pulitzer Prize anyone? The New York Times, on front page (finally), “Details effort to spy on Trump Campaign.” @foxandfriends  This is bigger than WATERGATE, but the reverse!
"RT @MariaBartiromo: ""I will declassify soon"" - @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @FoxBusiness"
RT @MariaBartiromo: This will become an imp &amp, bigger story going into #2020 ⁦@GOPLeader⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ ⁦@MorningsMaria⁩ ⁦@FoxBusiness⁩...
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump is fixing American trade to bring our steel and manufacturing jobs back HOME!https://t.co/PjD6...
RT @WhiteHouse: Happy National Space Day! 🚀 America is the best in space, and President @realDonaldTrump is making sure no other country...
...at every turn in attempts to gain access. But now Republicans and Democrats must come together for the good of the American people. No more costly &amp, time consuming investigations. Lets do Immigration (Border), Infrastructure, much lower drug prices &amp, much more - and do it now!
OK, so after two years of hard work and each party trying their best to make the other party look as bad as possible, it’s time to get back to business. The Mueller Report strongly stated that there was No Collusion with Russia (of course) and, in fact, they were rebuffed.....
Thank you, working hard! #MAGA https://t.co/jwsb75t0WW
Proclamation on Days of Remembrance of Victims of the Holocaust: https://t.co/l5nVFKI9fr https://t.co/vGPOelEesM
Congrats to @U_S_Steel for investing $1+ BILLION in America's most INNOVATIVE steel mill. 232 Tariffs make Pennsylvania and USA more prosperous/secure by bringing Steel and Aluminum industries BACK. Tariffs are working. Pittsburgh is again The Steel City. USA Economy is BOOMING! https://t.co/XPXjxli6uc
On this day of prayer, we once again place our hopes in the hands of our Creator. We give thanks for this wondrous land of liberty, &amp, we pray that THIS nation – OUR home – these United States – will forever be strengthened by the Goodness and the Grace &amp, the eternal GLORY OF GOD! https://t.co/RtSI3j1GWH
As we unite on this day of prayer, we renew our resolve to protect communities of faith – and ensure that ALL of our people can live, pray and worship IN PEACE. #NationalDayOfPrayer https://t.co/1a7zphaE6z
....and deregulation which have produced non-inflationary prosperity for all Americans. I’ve asked Steve to work with me toward future economic growth in our Country.
Check out @MarkLevinShow: Life, Liberty &amp, Levin on @FoxNews now (7pm)!
RT @ByronYork: I understand the talk about Mueller not deciding on Trump obstruction. But he did decide, didn't he? If you're investigated...
RT @kenvogel: NEW: The BIDENS are entangled in a Ukrainian corruption scandal:@JoeBiden pushed Ukraine to fire a prosecutor seen as corrup...
RT @RichLowry: NR’s editorial:“Not for the first time, or we expect, the last, Bill Barr’s critics are demonstrating their lack of judgme...
"""The Mueller Witch Hunt is completely OVER!"" @SeanHannity https://t.co/bE13T2Kt48"
The Collusion Delusion is OVER! https://t.co/sRnHoDmzFJ
I am continuing to monitor the situation in Venezuela very closely. The United States stands with the People of Venezuela and their Freedom! https://t.co/rtGfjQjc1u
https://t.co/S34Q0NY6Ju
RT @JudicialWatch: JW President @TomFitton: “Obama allowed his DOJ &amp, FBI to spy on @realDonaldTrump. That’s the scandal of our generation &amp,...
RT @JudicialWatch: .@TomFitton discusses that “Obama, Biden, Clinton, Susan Rice, the DNC, John Brennan, Comey, Clapper, Kerry, McCabe, Lor...
RT @JudicialWatch: JW President @TomFitton appeared on “Hannity” to discuss the Deep State coup effort against @realDonaldTrump : “The DNC...
RT @JudicialWatch: Judicial Watch announced it received 756 pages of newly uncovered emails that were among the materials former Secretary...
RT @JudicialWatch: JW announced that it filed a FOIA lawsuit against the DOJ for records of communications and payments between the FBI &amp, f...
RT @TomFitton: .@JudicialWatch FOIA disclosures help lead to criminal referral on Russiagate targeting of @realDonaldTrump. https://t.co/aS...
RT @TomFitton: BREAKING: Obama knew -- FBI admits it found Clinton Emails in Obama WH! PLUS @JudicialWatch is already investigating the inv...
RT @marklevinshow: Audience to CNN, adioshttps://t.co/JvQy4oTfNj
RT @EricTrump: .@CNN you might want to rethink your narrative - clearly people don’t like your message. Truly shocking to me that any of yo...
Thank you JT! https://t.co/L1HDeXWazc
RT @EricTrump: The Democratic Party has no message, accomplishments or leadership so all they do is harass my father &amp, our family. Congress...
RT @michi83: Barr: Was my letter inaccurate?Mueller: No.Barr: Was the media coverage of my letter inaccurate?Mueller: Yes.
RT @aldresser: As a Phoenix firefighter  and member of the IAFF I was surprised and pleased to learn that the only money that goes to feder...
NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION. Besides, how can you have Obstruction when not only was there No Collusion (by Trump), but the bad actions were done by the “other” side? The greatest con-job in the history of American Politics!
Why didn’t President Obama do something about Russia in September (before November Election) when told by the FBI? He did NOTHING, and had no intention of doing anything!
Congress must change the Immigration Laws now, Dems won’t act. Wall is being built - 400 miles by end of next year. Mexico must stop the march to Border! @foxandfriends
“No President in history has endured such vicious personal attacks by political opponents. Still, the President’s record is unparalleled.” @LouDobbs
Gallup Poll: 56% of Americans rate their financial situation as excellent or good. This is the highest number since 2002, and up 10 points since 2016.
I am overriding the Decommission Order of the magnificent aircraft carrier Harry S. Truman, built in 1998 (fairly new), and considered one of the largest and finest in the world. It will be updated at a fraction of the cost of a new one (which also are being built)!
“The Democrats can’t come to grips with the fact that there was No Collusion, there was No Conspiracy, there was No Obstruction. What we should be focused on is what’s been going on in our government, at the highest levels of the FBI....” Senator Josh Hawley
RT @saulpavsr: @dbongino I cannot wait to vote for the greatest president ever
RT @ScottBepler: @dbongino 24 years plus firefighter here,&amp, there’s no chance Biden is my choice. #NoMoJoe  Actually, no one on the left ha...
RT @TomLewi86961554: @dbongino Im a Firefighter and I’m a YUGE trump supporter! I got banned from the IAFF web.
RT @proudtexanbrew: @dbongino I’m a retired volunteer firefighter and I’d be PISSED if my dues were going to this
RT @BIGGeorgeAZ: @dbongino Nope not me either. I’m not voting for crazy Joe. My support is behind @realDonaldTrump in 2020!
RT @gr84u2c: @dbongino @DebbieB1230 Lousy choice
RT @TheDJDaniel01: @dbongino Why would any firefighter of service vote for him? @realDonaldTrump is the way to go.
No Collusion - No Obstruction! https://t.co/diggF8V3hl
RT @tedbartley: @dbongino As a retired Firefighter, I can only speak for my fellow retirees,and I can assure you NONE of us support him,OR...
RT @OmastaSkip: @dbongino As a retired FF I know that the majority of the rank and file are conservative or moderate and DO NOT support lib...
RT @mr36561: @dbongino Stick in the eye by union...Trump has worked very hard for our first responders and union members...fighting very ha...
RT @kshaferus: @dbongino This statement is like so many others—liberal lies. Why would the military or emergency workers support a candidat...
RT @harrypeterson_: @dbongino It doesn’t matter who they endorse, the only person winning in 2020 is President Trump!
RT @gIamourizes: @dbongino My husband a New York City firefighter for 15 years will be voting Trump 2020 all the way!!
RT @RealDanKida: @dbongino The Unions have become Corporations representing themselves, Our President represents the people. #MAGA @realDon...
RT @flamingoHeels: @dbongino Joe Biden is not even his party’s candidate yet. Firemen 🚒 can’t say they endorse him. He may not even be on b...
RT @KRobbio: @dbongino He used there dues when they  support trump
RT @blinddog007: @dbongino I know  the police officers Union is backing Donald Trump...I back the blue #bluelivesmatter
RT @firemanbrawls: @dbongino I know a couple in my department. Granted I am in Alabama but most of the firefighters I talk to are voting @r...
RT @JCryptoseed: @dbongino Never Supporting a Fireman's Ball again...
RT @chrisgogarty: @dbongino Add me to your list Dan. I am furious that the board would make such an announcement without even taking the me...
RT @VanhortonM: @dbongino Smoke and mirrors Biden.
RT @Scooter172: @dbongino The fire fighters union bosses are endorsing a failure.
RT @BradyBbum1957: @dbongino When the union backs you but the people in the union don’t
RT @mw_canterbury: @dbongino This is why more lawsuits are going to presented by union members because of misrepresentation by the top eche...
RT @broncolee70: @dbongino @KurtSchlichter That’s why I am not in the IFFA. Don’t want my $$$ going to dems
RT @23Mcguire: @dbongino Not 🙋🏻‍♂️nor my brother
RT @CurtisVincent5: @dbongino This firefighter won’t be voting for creepy @JoeBiden
RT @Kimberl40855897: @dbongino The rank and file know who has their back and remember no one knows who you vote for !
RT @LisaLimaaa: @dbongino Shouldn't the fireman have a say?
RT @HikeAmerica440: @dbongino None that I know of in my home town either
RT @clintwelborn1: @dbongino Happy im not a member of IAFF anymore
RT @JoanWil57769727: @dbongino Well there could be a small group of Obama people, anyone in his right mind would not support Joe Biden
RT @Bones_zoom: @dbongino He has NO chance.
RT @cmd629: @dbongino Yea right, until they get in the voting booth!
RT @JeffNeely11: @dbongino No, we don't support Crazy Joe!! And our members in our Local are up in arms!
RT @wargs8: @dbongino Fact!!
RT @bobahide: @dbongino Not I
RT @JeffreyKStewart: @dbongino Just the union leadership supports Biden. Members support Trump. This applies to most unions.
RT @Daniel4SCBoone: @dbongino I bet if someone did a fireman’s poll, President Trump would win by a landslide.
RT @Korryb: @dbongino I certainly won't be voting for this guy!
RT @joelle_palombo: @dbongino This fire family does NOT support Joe Biden for President. #TRUMP2020🇺🇸
"RT @woofeous: @dbongino ""Over Charging Union Dues Alert"". Dan, how about Union leadership opening up books to own members since they have s..."
RT @mscrosswi: @dbongino Nowhere have I heard the firefighters were supporting Joe Biden. The leadership of the firefighters union, on the...
RT @QuaglianoJohn: @dbongino Roger that....firefighters will vote Trump! The union may not be representing its membership appropriately in...
RT @wadar1969: @dbongino The union bureaucrats endorse him but the due paying members don’t, and they wonder why unions are getting smaller...
RT @JA_Loans: @dbongino Does he know 90% of the Firemen’s retirement is dependent on the US Economy and invested in US Stock? Do not think...
Thank you @Trish_Regan! https://t.co/6CyCpHnR6x
RT @CwElliott2: @dbongino You are correct, 100%, Dan.  A bunch of us have been talking, and this is just the DNC buying and paying for the...
RT @G4TTO21: @dbongino My father is a fireman and his entire firehouse loves Trump
RT @jcoreybates: @dbongino 👈🏼 This career firefighter will not be voting for any Democrat on the ticket. I will be voting for @POTUS again.
RT @JimmyMac233: @dbongino Agreed Dan. NYC FD inions haven’t made a peep but the known rank and file are Trump guys.
RT @mitchraider60: @dbongino How any firefighter in NY can support any Dem is disgusting after DiBlasio went to the G2 last year to rip our...
RT @TheKevinNash61: @dbongino None.  We are all pissed about this.  I have withdrawn my support for firePAC
RT @ro18007212: @dbongino I have fire fighter friends and they support Trump.
RT @icemanTom: @dbongino I’m a firefighter and I don’t endorse Joe Biden   My vote goes to President Donald Trump!!!!
RT @dpparadis123: @dbongino My neighbor is a fireman and he loves trump
I’ve done more for Firefighters than this dues sucking union will ever do, and I get paid ZERO! https://t.co/Tw0qwTiUD6
Today, it was my great honor to welcome and host the 2018 @NASCAR Cup Series Champion, @JoeyLogano and @Team_Penske to the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/ExCangG6Kc
....embargo, together with highest-level sanctions, will be placed on the island of Cuba. Hopefully, all Cuban soldiers will promptly and peacefully return to their island!
If Cuban Troops and Militia do not immediately CEASE military and other operations for the purpose of causing death and destruction to the Constitution of Venezuela, a full and complete....
CONGRATULATIONS to the 2018 @NASCAR Cup Series Champion, @JoeyLogano! https://t.co/uHGTUVyRIC
I am monitoring the situation in Venezuela very closely. The United States stands with the People of Venezuela and their Freedom!
....up like a rocket if we did some lowering of rates, like one point, and some quantitative easing. Yes, we are doing very well at 3.2% GDP, but with our wonderfully low inflation, we could be setting major records &amp,, at the same time, make our National Debt start to look small!
China is adding great stimulus to its economy while at the same time keeping interest rates low. Our Federal Reserve has incessantly lifted interest rates, even though inflation is very low, and instituted a very big dose of quantitative tightening. We have the potential to go...
....European countries are not helping at all, even though this was very much done for their benefit. They are refusing to take back prisoners from their specific countries. Not good!
We have 1,800 ISIS Prisoners taken hostage in our final battles to destroy 100% of the Caliphate in Syria. Decisions are now being made as to what to do with these dangerous prisoners....
If the Democrats don’t give us the votes to change our weak, ineffective and dangerous Immigration Laws, we must fight hard for these votes in the 2020 Election!
The Coyotes and Drug Cartels are in total control of the Mexico side of the Southern Border. They have labs nearby where they make drugs to sell into the U.S. Mexico, one of the most dangerous country’s in the world, must eradicate this problem now. Also, stop the MARCH to U.S.
Pittsburgh jobless rate hits lowest point since the early 1970s (maybe even better than that) and Sleepy Joe just had his first rally there. Fact is, every economic aspect of our Country is the best it has ever been! https://t.co/kWriC0DIuW
RT @BaylorWBB: Thank you to @realDonaldTrump and the @WhiteHouse staff for a great experience for the Lady Bears!#SicEm https://t.co/SR7no...
The New York Times has apologized for the terrible Anti-Semitic Cartoon, but they haven’t apologized to me for this or all of the Fake and Corrupt news they print on a daily basis. They have reached the lowest level of “journalism,” and certainly a low point in @nytimes history!
Bob Mueller was a great HERO to the Radical Left Democrats. Now that the Mueller Report is finished, with a finding of NO COLLUSION &amp, NO OBSTRUCTION (based on a review of Report by our highly respected A.G.), the Dems are going around saying, “Bob who, sorry, don’t know the man.”
The Dues Sucking firefighters leadership will always support Democrats, even though the membership wants me. Some things never change!
Sleepy Joe Biden is having his first rally in the Great State of Pennsylvania. He obviously doesn’t know that Pennsylvania is having one of the best economic years in its history, with lowest unemployment EVER, a now thriving Steel Industry (that was dead) &amp, great future!........
The Media (Fake News) is pushing Sleepy Joe hard. Funny, I’m only here because of Biden &amp, Obama. They didn’t do the job and now you have Trump, who is getting it done - big time!
I’ll never get the support of Dues Crazy union leadership, those people who rip-off their membership with ridiculously high dues, medical and other expenses while being paid a fortune. But the members love Trump. They look at our record economy, tax &amp, reg cuts, military etc. WIN!
....People are fleeing New York State because of high taxes and yes, even oppression of sorts. They didn’t even put up a fight against SALT - could have won. So much litigation. The NRA should leave and fight from the outside of this very difficult to deal with (unfair) State!
The NRA is under siege by Cuomo and the New York State A.G., who are illegally using the State’s legal apparatus to take down and destroy this very important organization, &amp, others. It must get its act together quickly, stop the internal fighting, &amp, get back to GREATNESS - FAST!
I spoke at length yesterday to Rabbi Yisroel Goldstein, Chabad  of Poway, where I extended my warmest condolences to him and all affected by the shooting in California. What a great guy. He had a least one finger blown off, and all he wanted to do is help others. Very special!
Will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo on @FoxNews at 10:00 AM. Talking about the Southern Border and how the Dems MUST act fast to change our pathetic immigration laws. Will be tough, watch!
RT @AbeShinzo: 昨日の首脳会談、4人だけの夕食会、そして本日のゴルフと、トランプ大統領と10時間以上を共に過ごすなかで、北朝鮮問題への対応、経済、G20大阪サミット、更には世界情勢に至るまで、様々な課題についてじっくりと話をすることができました。 https://...
....for the more traditional, but not very bright, Sleepy Joe Biden. Here we go again Bernie, but this time please show a little more anger and indignation when you get screwed!
The Democratic National Committee, sometimes referred to as the DNC, is again working its magic in its quest to destroy Crazy Bernie Sanders....
....Ever since Andrew came to my office to ask that I appoint him to the U.S. Supreme Court, and I said NO, he has been very hostile! Also asked for pardon for his friend. A good “pal” of low ratings Shepard Smith.
Thank you to brilliant and highly respected attorney Alan Dershowitz for destroying the very dumb legal argument of “Judge” Andrew Napolitano....
Thank you Green Bay, Wisconsin! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! https://t.co/chGLxGsPQh
Beautiful #TrumpRally tonight in Green Bay, Wisconsin with a massive crowd. Thank you for joining me, I love you! #MAGA🇺🇸https://t.co/JRyhOXH7EE
Just arrived in Green Bay, Wisconsin for a #MAGA Rally. Big crowds - join me at 8:00 P.M. Eastern, live on @FoxNews!
Sincerest THANK YOU to our great Border Patrol Agent who stopped the shooter at the Synagogue in Poway, California. He may have been off duty but his talents for Law Enforcement weren’t!
Great day with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan. We played a quick round of golf by the beautiful Potomac River while talking Trade and many other subjects. He has now left for Japan and I am on my way to Wisconsin where a very large crowd of friends await! https://t.co/ZvyxJ8sIw2
Leaving now for Green Bay, Wisconsin - BIG CROWD, will be there shortly! #MAGA
Thoughts and prayers to all of those affected by the shooting at the Synagogue in Poway, California. God bless you all. Suspect apprehended. Law enforcement did outstanding job. Thank you!
We must end the Opioid Crisis. Do your part today by participating in prescription drug #TakeBackDay at over 4,000 locations across the Country! https://t.co/xvwO9fcu42 https://t.co/y96Y9MBpaz
We must end the Opioid Crisis. Do your part today by participating in prescription drug #TakeBackDay at over 4,000 locations across the Country! https://t.co/09LeIplOsp https://t.co/5nVH5AT2Fw
RT @FLOTUS: #TakeBackDay is a reminder to dispose of your unused prescription drugs responsibly! Find your nearest collection center at htt...
RT @WhiteHouse: Today is National Drug Take Back Day! Find a collection site near you and join the fight against opioid abuse. https://t.co...
Congratulations to Nick Bosa on being picked number two in the NFL Draft. You will be a great player for years to come, maybe one of the best. Big Talent! San Francisco will embrace you but most importantly, always stay true to yourself. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU @NRA! #NRAAM https://t.co/SWkpe1eFhT
“U.S. Economy Grows 3.2% in Q1, Smashing Expectations” https://t.co/HltPdlkOD0
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""With God as our witness, we swear today that we will defend our rights, we will safeguard our freedoms, we will uphold our..."
RT @WhiteHouse: “Under my Administration, we will never surrender American sovereignty to anyone. We will never allow foreign bureaucrats t...
Spoke to Saudi Arabia and others about increasing oil flow. All are in agreement. The California tax on gasoline is causing big problems on pricing for that state. Speak to your Governor about reducing. Economic numbers, 3.2% GDP for what is often worst quarter, looking good!
Great NRA crowd and enthusiasm in Indiana. Thank you! Leaving now for meetings in the Oval Office.
Just out: Real GDP for First Quarter grew 3.2% at an annual rate. This is far above expectations or projections. Importantly, inflation VERY LOW. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Heading to Indianapolis to speak at the big NRA Conference. Love being in Indiana. The @NRA is getting stronger &amp, stronger and doing some really great and important work. Having their powerful support has been vital to #MAGA!
Weirdo Tom Steyer, who didn’t have the “guts” or money to run for President, is still trying to remain relevant by putting himself on ads begging for impeachment. He doesn’t mention the fact that mine is perhaps the most successful first 2 year presidency in history &amp, NO C OR O!
“President Donald J. Trump is the greatest hostage negotiator that I know of in the history of the United States. 20 hostages, many in impossible circumstances, have been released in last two years. No money was paid.” Cheif Hostage Negotiator, USA!
No money was paid to North Korea for Otto Warmbier, not two Million Dollars, not anything else. This is not the Obama Administration that paid 1.8 Billion Dollars for four hostages, or gave five terroist hostages plus, who soon went back to battle, for traitor Sgt. Bergdahl!
I will be interviewed on @seanhannity at 9:00 PM.  In 5 minutes - Enjoy!
Thank you! #MAGA🇺🇸 https://t.co/EWjwRlmIve
Our Border Control Agents have done an incredible job under very adverse conditions. I am very proud to have increased their salaries because of the great job they do. Nobody deserves it more. THANK YOU and keep up the outstanding work! https://t.co/ljy3hZOgfL
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS traveled to Atlanta, Georgia, yesterday for the Rx Drug Abuse and Heroin Summit, con...
Look forward to seeing everyone in Indianapolis, Indiana tomorrow! https://t.co/3soeEjsMA3
I will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 PM on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
"RT @RepMattGaetz: ""The man who killed my son never did a day in prison. Not one day.""On January 22nd, 2015, Grant Ronnebeck was shot and..."
RT @GOPChairwoman: If Joe Biden wants to keep score:In 8 years, Biden &amp, Obama had a net loss of 193,000 manufacturing jobs.In just over...
Amazing! https://t.co/uUNCL1hPAk
RT @GOPChairwoman: Joe Biden literally can’t hide from the economic successes of @realDonaldTrump’s administration.  Biden chose Pennsylv...
RT @GOP: Do you want to go back to a bad economy, failed foreign policy, and more broken promises? https://t.co/TibOT2Bi5l
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: I’m grateful for my colleagues who accompanied me to the border to view the crisis w/ their own eyes. It’s one thing to...
RT @RepMattGaetz: Volume 1 of the Mueller Report is based on evidence, while Volume 2 seems to rely heavily on the reporting of news outlet...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: We knew they wouldn’t give up.The collusion delusion fell flat, and now reports say House Democrats are preparing to...
"RT @dcexaminer: ""The collusion delusion fell flat."" @RepMarkMeadows suggests Democrats are too blinded by hatred of @realDonaldTrump to l..."
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Reminder: Democrats demanding an unredacted Mueller report (exposing even classified info) spent a year attacking mysel...
RT @Jim_Jordan: It’s time to figure out what the Comey Cabal did at the start of the fake “Russia collusion” investigation.Comey, Andy Mc...
RT @GOPoversight: Democrats are obsessed with @realDonaldTrump. It's time to move on and solve problems for the American people. https://t....
"RT @Jim_Jordan: Peter Strzok told us that he would “love to answer each and every one of [our] questions"" once the Mueller investigation co..."
Welcome to the race Sleepy Joe. I only hope you have the intelligence, long in doubt, to wage a successful primary campaign. It will be nasty - you will be dealing with people who truly have some very sick &amp, demented ideas. But if you make it, I will see you at the Starting Gate!
.....Despite the fact that the Mueller Report was “composed” by Trump Haters and Angry Democrats, who had unlimited funds and human resources, the end result was No Collusion, No Obstruction. Amazing!
....Mueller was NOT fired and was respectfully allowed to finish his work on what I, and many others, say was an illegal investigation (there was no crime), headed by a Trump hater who was highly conflicted, and a group of 18 VERY ANGRY Democrats. DRAIN THE SWAMP!
As has been incorrectly reported by the Fake News Media, I never told then White House Counsel Don McGahn to fire Robert Mueller, even though I had the legal right to do so. If I wanted to fire Mueller, I didn’t need McGahn to do it, I could have done it myself. Nevertheless,....
The Great State of Tennessee is so close to passing School Choice. All of our Nation’s children, regardless of background, deserve a shot at achieving the American Dream! Time to get this done, so important!
.@SenMikeLee of the great state of Utah has written a wonderful new book entitled, “Our Lost Declaration.” Highly recommended!
As ONE UNITED NATION, we will work, we will pray, and we will fight for the day when every family across our land can live in a DRUG FREE AMERICA! #RxSummit2019 https://t.co/FqpHhaafkD
Today, @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to join thousands of leaders from across the Country for the 2019 Prescription Drug Abuse and Heroin Summit (@RxSummit) in Atlanta, Georgia! #RxSummit2019https://t.co/LfkFisfN22
If @MittRomney spent the same energy fighting Barack Obama as he does fighting Donald Trump, he could have won the race (maybe)! https://t.co/p5imhMJqS1
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is correct, the VA is not broken, it is doing great. But that is only because of the Trump Administration. We got Veterans Choice &amp, Accountability passed. “President Trump deserves a lot of credit.” Dan Caldwell, Concerned Veterans of America
Rep. Occasio-Cortez is correct, the VA is not broken, it is doing great. But that is only because of the Trump Administration. We got Veterans Choice &amp, Accountability passed. “President Trump deserves a lot of credit.” Dan Caldwell, Concerned Veterans of America
I didn’t call Bob Costa of the Washington Post, he called me (Returned his call)!  Just more Fake News.
....Congress has no time to legislate, they only want to continue the Witch Hunt, which I have already won. They should start looking at The Criminals who are already very well known to all. This was a Rigged System - WE WILL DRAIN THE SWAMP!
No Collusion, No Obstruction - there has NEVER been a President who has been more transparent. Millions of pages of documents were given to the Mueller Angry Dems, plus I allowed everyone to testify, including W.H. counsel. I didn’t have to do this, but now they want more.....
Can anyone comprehend what a GREAT job Border Patrol and Law Enforcement is doing on our Southern Border. So far this year they have APPREHENDED 418,000 plus illegal immigrants, way up from last year. Mexico is doing very little for us. DEMS IN CONGRESS MUST ACT NOW!
.....are there no “High Crimes and Misdemeanors,” there are no Crimes by me at all. All of the Crimes were committed by Crooked Hillary, the Dems, the DNC and Dirty Cops - and we caught them in the act! We waited for Mueller and WON, so now the Dems look to Congress as last hope!
The Mueller Report, despite being written by Angry Democrats and Trump Haters, and with unlimited money behind it ($35,000,000), didn’t lay a glove on me. I DID NOTHING WRONG. If the partisan Dems ever tried to Impeach, I would first head to the U.S. Supreme Court. Not only......
RT @GOP: “In the heartland, they want legislating, not investigating.” -@kayleighmcenany https://t.co/g6GNhJQGFS
Mexico’s Soldiers recently pulled guns on our National Guard Soldiers, probably as a diversionary tactic for drug smugglers on the Border. Better not happen again! We are now sending ARMED SOLDIERS to the Border. Mexico is not doing nearly enough in apprehending &amp, returning!
A very big Caravan of over 20,000 people started up through Mexico. It has been reduced in size by Mexico but is still coming. Mexico must apprehend the remainder or we will be forced to close that section of the Border &amp, call up the Military. The Coyotes &amp, Cartels have weapons!
The American people deserve to know who is in this Country. Yesterday, the Supreme Court took up the Census Citizenship question, a really big deal. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“Former CIA analyst Larry Johnson accuses United Kingdom Intelligence of helping Obama Administration Spy on the 2016 Trump Presidential Campaign.” @OANN WOW! It is now just a question of time before the truth comes out, and when it does, it will be a beauty!
You mean the Stock Market hit an all-time record high today and they’re actually talking impeachment!? Will I ever be given credit for anything by the Fake News Media or Radical Liberal Dems? NO COLLUSION!
Great meeting this afternoon at the @WhiteHouse with @Jack from @Twitter. Lots of subjects discussed regarding their platform, and the world of social media in general. Look forward to keeping an open dialogue! https://t.co/QnZi579eFb
I will be in Green Bay, Wisconsin this Saturday, April 27th at the Resch Center — 7:00pm (CDT). Big crowd expected! #MAGA https://t.co/BPYK8PF0O8
Great golf champion &amp, friend, Ernie Els (@TheBig_Easy), has done a tremendous job in assisting those w/ Autism through his Els for Autism Fdn, focusing on Education, Research, Global Outreach, Recreation Services, Therapy Services, &amp, Adult Services. #NationalAutismAwarenessMonth
Great interview by Jared. Nice to have extraordinarily smart people serving our Country! https://t.co/d6Tgrn4Tzn
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
The Wall is being rapidly built! The Economy is GREAT! Our Country is Respected again!
.....But should be much higher than that if Twitter wasn’t playing their political games. No wonder Congress wants to get involved - and they should. Must be more, and fairer, companies to get out the WORD!
“The best thing ever to happen to Twitter is Donald Trump.” @MariaBartiromo  So true, but they don’t treat me well as a Republican. Very discriminatory, hard for people to sign on. Constantly taking people off list. Big complaints from many people. Different names-over 100 M.....
“Harley Davidson has struggled with Tariffs with the EU, currently paying 31%. They’ve had to move production overseas to try and offset some of that Tariff that they’ve been hit with which will rise to 66% in June of 2021.” @MariaBartiromo So unfair to U.S. We will Reciprocate!
....Dumb and Sick. A really bad show with low ratings - and will only get worse. CNN has been a proven and long term ratings and beyond disaster. In fact, it rewarded Chris Cuomo with a now unsuccessful prime time slot, despite his massive failure in the morning. Only on CNN!
Sorry to say but @foxandfriends is by far the best of the morning political shows on television. It rightfully has BY FAR the highest  ratings, not even close. Morning Psycho (Joe), who helped get me elected in 2016 by having me on (free) all the time, has nosedived, too Angry...
In the “old days” if you were President and you had a good economy, you were basically immune from criticism. Remember, “It’s the economy stupid.” Today I have, as President, perhaps the greatest economy in history...and to the Mainstream Media, it means NOTHING. But it will!
The Radical Left Democrats, together with their leaders in the Fake News Media, have gone totally insane! I guess that means that the Republican agenda is working. Stay tuned for more!
I will be going to Green Bay, Wisconsin, for a really big Rally on Saturday Evening. Big crowd expected, much to talk about. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I wonder if the New York Times will apologize to me a second time, as they did after the 2016 Election. But this one will have to be a far bigger &amp,  better apology. On this one they will have to get down on their knees &amp, beg for forgiveness-they are truly the Enemy of the People!
Paul Krugman, of the Fake News New York Times, has lost all credibility, as has the Times itself, with his false and highly inaccurate writings on me. He is obsessed with hatred, just as others are obsessed with how stupid he is. He said Market would crash, Only Record Highs!
RT @realDonaldTrump: PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT! https://t.co/G3f6QBNSMa
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you @MarkLevinShow! #MAGA https://t.co/kff84hFgKP
RT @MarshaBlackburn: Here’s what #TaxReform has brought to our country: ✅3.2 million new jobs✅A bigger paycheck for ~90% of taxpayers✅Lo...
RT @SenKevinCramer: Created under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Opportunity Zones help lift low income Americans out of poverty by encouraging...
RT @SenCapito: Last year, @SenatorTimScott and I toured #OpportunityZones in Huntington and saw the incredible potential in these designate...
RT @FLOTUS: Another wonderful Easter Egg roll!  @POTUS and I enjoyed meeting everyone!  Thank you to the many volunteers and vendors who wo...
RT @WhiteHouse: The 2019 Easter Egg Roll is almost here! President @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS will welcome guests to the White House fo...
RT @replouiegohmert: What I have accumulated here is absolutely shocking upon the realization that #Mueller's disreputable, twisted history...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Absolutely devastating to see the news out of Sri Lanka this morning. These were Christians targeted simply for practic...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Think about this: we had a President under a constant 2 year investigation for a fabricated collusion conspiracy, and y...
RT @Jim_Jordan: “Rep. Jim Jordan on plans to investigate the origins of the Russia collusion investigation”https://t.co/4TraSR2jaM
RT @Jim_Jordan: Dems holding a conference call today to discuss their next moves now that Mueller announced no collusion and no obstruction...
RT @GOPoversight: Days since @RepCummings promised accountability for #MichaelCohen’s lies: 54 https://t.co/no25hstV69
RT @DevinNunes: Carter Page: Mueller Report Shows He's Mr. Clean | National Review  https://t.co/ArJwbs3izo
RT @DevinNunes: Victor Davis Hanson: Mueller Probe Could Backfire on Those Who Fabricated Russia-Collusion Narrative - YouTube https://t.co...
RT @DevinNunes: Byron York: For some Dems, breaking up with dossier is hard to do ⁦@ByronYork⁩  https://t.co/aVdNgcGv4m
RT @TomFitton: COUP: @RealDonaldTrump was right -- Mueller witchhunt part of #Spygate abuse begun by Obama DOJ/FBI, working with Hillary Cl...
RT @TomFitton: COUP UPDATE: Who needs to be investigated on #Spygate and other abuses targeting @RealDonaldTrump? Partial list:ObamaBid...
RT @drudgefeed: Woodward: Investigate FBICIA Handling of 'Garbage' Dossier... https://t.co/Py5AwZpRfy
"RT @TomFitton: UNPRECEDENTED Spying Campaign on @RealDonaldTrump: DOJ/FBI/NSA/CIA/State -- ""all hands on deck"" in Obama administration's go..."
RT @TomFitton: President @realDonaldTrump Should File a Criminal Complaint with DOJ over Illicit Targeting - @JudicialWatch https://t.co/oR...
RT @TomFitton: Mueller report full of gossip targeting @realDonaldTrump. https://t.co/lPEroontdg
RT @TomFitton: COUP Update: Mueller Report vindicates @RealDonaldTrump even as it tries to smear him PLUS new @JudicialWatch lawsuits on FB...
RT @GOPChairwoman: Joe Biden has been losing presidential elections since the 1980s.  2020 will be no different. Biden will have to ans...
RT @MariaBartiromo: Rep. Ratcliffe: Mueller report proves Donald Trump was telling the truth about collusion https://t.co/dD5kCNBwKl  @Sund...
This should NEVER happen to another President AGAIN! https://t.co/9fnYIzjKQX
Just spoke to @LouDobbs. Will be doing a very interesting show tonight at 7:00 P.M. Eastern on @FoxBusiness!
Today, @FLOTUS Melania and I are honored to host the 2019 @WhiteHouse Easter Egg Roll! https://t.co/dKxSefCl7H
RT @marklevinshow: My appearance on Fox &amp, Friends this morning https://t.co/d8qrERYmeD
WELCOME BACK JOE! https://t.co/b2NbBSX3sx
Isn’t it amazing that the people who were closest to me, by far, and knew the Campaign better than anyone, were never even called to testify before Mueller. The reason is that the 18 Angry Democrats knew they would all say ‘NO COLLUSION’ and only very good things!
“A very exculpatory section of the Mueller Report: NO CONSPIRACY, COORDINATION or COLLUSION with the Trump Campaign and the Russians. You can’t be more clear than that!” @GreggJarrett https://t.co/bcFCtD0DRP
“The Obama Administration did not do itself proud in this.” @ByronYork https://t.co/6IDI1vEqFV
SOUTHERN BORDER CRISIS! @LouDobbs https://t.co/2w3Qt9p8ER
Spoke to the Prime Minister of Italy, Giuseppe Conte, mostly concerning Immigration, Taxes, Trade, and the Economy of both of our countries. Very good call!
Spoke to Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe of Sri Lanka this morning to inform him that the United States stands by him and his country in the fight against terrorism. Also expressed condolences on behalf of myself and the People of the United States!
Spoke to President Maithripala Sirisena of Sri Lanka yesterday to inform him that the United States stands by him and his country in the fight against terrorism. Also expressed condolences on behalf of myself and the People of the United States.
RT @realDonaldTrump: How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My friend Herman Cain, a truly wonderful man, has asked me not to nominate him for a seat on the Federal Reserve Board. I will respect his wishes. Herman is a great American who truly loves our Country!
Congratulations! https://t.co/1qWbGqCCyj
Only high crimes and misdemeanors can lead to impeachment. There were no crimes by me (No Collusion, No Obstruction), so you can’t impeach. It was the Democrats that committed the crimes, not your Republican President! Tables are finally turning on the Witch Hunt!
Saudi Arabia and others in OPEC will more than make up the Oil Flow difference in our now Full Sanctions on Iranian Oil. Iran is being given VERY BAD advice by @JohnKerry and people who helped him lead the U.S. into the very bad Iran Nuclear Deal. Big violation of Logan Act?
So true - thanks @SteveHiltonx @NextRevFNC! https://t.co/2UK8RgzRQL
How do you impeach a Republican President for a crime that was committed by the Democrats? MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Can you believe that I had to go through the worst and most corrupt political Witch Hunt in the history of the United States (No Collusion) when it was the “other side” that illegally created the diversionary &amp, criminal event and even spied on my campaign? Disgraceful!
Jobless claims in the United States have reached their lowest (BEST) level in over 50 years!
Despite No Collusion, No Obstruction, The Radical Left Democrats do not want to go on to Legislate for the good of the people, but only to Investigate and waste time. This is costing our Country greatly, and will cost the Dems big time in 2020!
The Trump Haters and Angry Democrats who wrote the Mueller Report were devastated by the No Collusion finding! Nothing but a total “hit job” which should never have been allowed to start in the first place!
Do you believe this? The New York Times Op-Ed: MEDIA AND DEMOCRATS OWE TRUMP AN APOLOGY. Well, they got that one right!
138 people have been killed in Sri Lanka, with more that 600 badly injured, in a terrorist attack on churches and hotels. The United States offers heartfelt condolences to the great people of Sri Lanka. We stand ready to help!
Happy Easter! I have never been happier or more content because your Country is doing so well, with an Economy that is the talk of the World and may be stronger than it has ever been before. Have a great day!
Heartfelt condolences from the people of the United States to the people of Sri Lanka on the horrible terrorist attacks on churches and hotels that have killed at least 138 million people and badly injured 600 more. We stand ready to help!
RT @ByronYork: Lotta stuff in the report. From @SecretsBedard: Kushner cleared of seeking Russian money to pay real estate debt. https://t....
RT @seanhannity: Prior Reporting Confirmed That Some FBI Agents Were FED UP With Comey https://t.co/xKVZMVnOQI
Thank you @JesseBWatters and @DBongino! https://t.co/aGH4GBzhqh
https://t.co/xiMQFztJlV
RT @RepDougCollins: This is ridiculous. AG Barr gives Democrats unprecedented accommodations, and they refuse them hours after Chairman Nad...
Good night of television! 8:00 PM @WattersWorld  9:00 PM @JudgeJeanine with interview of @RudyGiuliani followed by Greg G. Honest commentary is always nice!
RT @LouDobbs: #DrainTheSwamp - @GreggJarrett: No one takes anything Schiff says seriously because he lost all credibility. For 2 years he c...
RT @MariaBartiromo: Tomorrow #EXCLUSIVE @SundayFutures @FoxNews #BreakingNews 10am et @LindseyGrahamSC @RepDougCollins@RepCartwright@Rep...
"RT @MariaBartiromo: Happening now: @LindseyGrahamSC ""we are working on a package to change the immigration laws &amp, asylum laws. We will intr..."
RT @IvankaTrump: Wonderful and productive visit to Côte d'Ivoire! #WGDP! 🎥: https://t.co/zzEsYYOyUp
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you for an incredible trip Ethiopia! 🇺🇸🇪🇹 https://t.co/lqE2XLQ25I
https://t.co/yoWCQLuxbD
The end result of the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history is No Collusion with Russia (and No Obstruction). Pretty Amazing!
United States weekly jobless claims just hit a 50 year low. The economy is doing GREAT!
The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to stir up and anger the pols and as many people as possible seldom mentioning the fact that the Mueller Report had as its principle conclusion the fact that there was NO COLLUSION WITH RUSSIA. The Russia Hoax is dead!
RT @JudicialWatch: JW President @TomFitton appeared on “Fox and Friends First” to discuss AG Bill Barr’s testimony and Spygate: They know i...
Despite the fact that the Mueller Report should not have been authorized in the first place &amp, was written as nastily as possible by 13 (18) Angry Democrats who were true Trump Haters, including highly conflicted Bob Mueller himself, the end result is No Collusion, No Obstruction!
Wishing a Happy Passover to all those celebrating in America, Israel, and around the world! https://t.co/h3wgLZ4mxS
“TRUMP HAS BEEN TOTALLY VINDICATED” https://t.co/ZjmmVD1T4z
RT @seanhannity: Mueller’s Final Report ‘Completely Vindicates’ President Trump 👇 https://t.co/t97JxHWdji
RT @RepMattGaetz: “You have guys that come through here that do this for a living...they bring groups across, they bring drugs across.”Sher...
RT @TeamCavuto: .@RepMarkMeadows It's a good day for America and it's a good day for the President https://t.co/z2mpJu2JWJ
Time for Democrats to accept reality https://t.co/3SyAnkSVlX
RT @ScottFantasy: @jdawsey1 This is why nobody but the @DNC circle jerk takes this seriously anymore.  That front page is a disgrace but in...
The Washington Post and New York Times are, in my opinion, two of the most dishonest media outlets around. Truly, the Enemy of the People! https://t.co/AG3vccsJvg
RT @JudicialWatch: JWPrez @TomFitton  Mueller Report Confirms Russia Hoax, NEW Deep State Lawsuit, John Kerry Colluding w/ Iran? https://t....
....big, fat, waste of time, energy and money - $30,000,000 to be exact. It is now finally time to turn the tables and bring justice to some very sick and dangerous people who have committed very serious crimes, perhaps even Spying or Treason. This should never happen again!
...agreed to testify, it was not necessary for me to respond to statements made in the “Report” about me, some of which are total bullshit &amp, only given to make the other person look good (or me to look bad). This was an Illegally Started Hoax that never should have happened, a...
Statements are made about me by certain people in the Crazy Mueller Report, in itself written by 18 Angry Democrat Trump Haters, which are fabricated &amp, totally untrue. Watch out for people that take so-called “notes,” when the notes never existed until needed. Because I never....
Kimberley Strassel should get the Pulitzer. She is a treasure (and I don’t know her) who correctly called the Russia Hoax right from the start! Others who were soooo wrong will get the Prize. Fake News! https://t.co/TJJPY5MM6X
“The Mueller Report is perhaps the single most humiliating thing that has ever happened to the White House Press in the history of this Country. They know they lied...Many reporters lied about Russia Collusion and so much more. Clapper &amp, Brennan, all lies” @TuckerCarlson
“If dozens of Federal prosecutors spent two years trying to charge you with a crime, and found they couldn’t, it would mean there wasn’t any evidence you did it - and that’s what happened here - that’s what we just learned from the Mueller Report.”  @TuckerCarlson
RT @realDonaldTrump: It was a really great day for America! A special evening tonight on @TuckerCarlson, @seanhannity  &amp, @IngrahamAngle Wil...
When there is not an underlying crime with regard to Collusion (in fact, the whole thing was a made up fraud), it is difficult to say that someone is obstructing something. There was no underlying crime.” @marthamaccallum  @FoxNews
Anything the Russians did concerning the 2016 Election was done while Obama was President. He was told about it and did nothing! Most importantly, the vote was not affected.
It was a really great day for America! A special evening tonight on @TuckerCarlson, @seanhannity  &amp, @IngrahamAngle Will be very interesting!
“Donald Trump was being framed, he fought back. That is not Obstruction.” @JesseBWatters  I had the right to end the whole Witch Hunt if I wanted. I could have fired everyone, including Mueller, if I wanted. I chose not to. I had the RIGHT to use Executive Privilege. I didn’t!
Today, I was thrilled to host the @WWP Soldier Ride once again at the @WhiteHouse. We were all deeply honored to be in the presence of TRUE AMERICAN HEROES....https://t.co/q6D5875xCw
As I have been saying all along, NO COLLUSION - NO OBSTRUCTION! https://t.co/BnMB5mvHAM
https://t.co/222atp7wuB
Attorney General William Barr’s Press Conference today at 9:30 AM ET. Watch on @FoxNews @OANN
RT @DanScavino: Nadler (2019) vs. Nadler (1998) https://t.co/IVg7RW3f0F
"RT @JudicialWatch: On ""Hannity"", @seanhannity discussed some key findings from Judicial Watch in regards to the Clinton cover-up: ""We are f..."
RT @JudicialWatch: Judicial Watch announced it received 756 pages of newly uncovered emails that were among the materials former Secretary...
RT @JudicialWatch: JW announced that it uncovered 422 pages of FBI documents showing evidence of “cover up” discussions related to the Clin...
"RT @JudicialWatch: JW President @TomFitton discusses Clinton’s memo: ""She signed a memo saying ‘due to recent targeting of personal email a..."
RT @JudicialWatch: BREAKING: JW announced today that it filed a FOIA lawsuit against the DOJ for records of communications and payments bet...
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
The Greatest Political Hoax of all time! Crimes were committed by Crooked, Dirty Cops and DNC/The Democrats.
Nolte: Poll Shows Media Failed to Gaslight Public About Trump Campaign Spying https://t.co/06OZcBE08b via @BreitbartNews
RT @Team_Mitch: Today, we’re officially launching our re-election campaign. Check out our first video below and visit our new website here:...
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE NOW: President Trump at the White House Opportunity Zones Conference https://t.co/whaCFJdEiK
....in my conversation yesterday with President @EmmanuelMacron of France. I also wished both Pope Francis and President Macron a very Happy Easter!
Just had a wonderful conversation with @Pontifex Francis offering condolences from the People of the United States for the horrible and destructive fire at Notre Dame Cathedral. I offered the help of our great experts on renovation and construction as I did....
Democrats in Congress must return from their Vacations and change the Immigration Laws, or the Border, despite the great job being done by Border Patrol, will only get worse. Big sections of Wall now being built!
Wow! FBI made 11 payments to Fake Dossier’s discredited author, Trump hater Christopher Steele. @OANN  @JudicialWatch  The Witch Hunt has been a total fraud on your President and the American people! It was brought to you by Dirty Cops, Crooked Hillary and the DNC.
On Trumps ICC Win, Dems and Republicans See Eye to Eye | RealClearPolitics https://t.co/6S6mP6yH3A
RT @charliekirk11: It is miraculous that Trump not only beat the Bush dynasty, 16 Republicans, the FBI, the media, voter fraud cheaters, th...
I believe it will be Crazy Bernie Sanders vs. Sleepy Joe Biden as the two finalists to run against maybe the best Economy in the history of our Country (and MANY other great things)! I look forward to facing whoever it may be. May God Rest Their Soul!
Bernie Sanders and wife should pay the Pre-Trump Taxes on their almost $600,000 in income. He is always complaining about these big TAX CUTS, except when it benefits him. They made a fortune off of Trump, but so did everyone else - and that’s a good thing, not a bad thing!
Many Trump Fans &amp, Signs were outside of the @FoxNews Studio last night in the now thriving (Thank you President Trump) Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, for the interview with Crazy Bernie Sanders. Big complaints about not being let in-stuffed with Bernie supporters. What’s with @FoxNews?
Just signed a critical bill to formalize drought contingency plans for the Colorado River. Thanks to @SenMcSallyAZ for getting it done. Big deal for Arizona!
No Collusion - No Obstruction! https://t.co/cbFOEEyLtM
I will be in Green Bay, Wisconsin on Saturday, April 27th at the Resch Center — 7:00pm (CDT). Big crowd expected! #MAGA https://t.co/BPYK8PF0O8
So weird to watch Crazy Bernie on @FoxNews. Not surprisingly, @BretBaier and the “audience” was so smiley and nice. Very strange, and now we have @donnabrazile?
No Collusion - No Obstruction!
A must read, Andy McCarthy’s column today, “Dirty dealings of dirt devils who concocted Trump-Russia probe.” The greatest Scam in political history. If the Mainstream Media were honest, which they are not, this story would be bigger and more important than Watergate. Someday!
God bless the people of France!
The forgotten voters of the 2016 Election are now doing great. The Steel Industry is rebuilding and expanding at a pace that it hasn’t seen in decades. Our Country has one of the best Economies in many years, perhaps ever. Unemployment numbers best in 51 years. Wow!
So horrible to watch the massive fire at Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris. Perhaps flying water tankers could be used to put it out. Must act quickly!
Spoke to @TigerWoods to congratulate him on the great victory he had in yesterday’s @TheMasters, &amp, to inform him that because of his incredible Success &amp, Comeback in Sports (Golf) and, more importantly, LIFE, I will be presenting him with the PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM!
Heading to the Great State of Minnesota!
....Since there was no Collusion, why was there an Investigation in the first place! Answer - Dirty Cops, Dems and Crooked Hillary!
The Mueller Report, which was written by 18 Angry Democrats who also happen to be Trump Haters (and Clinton Supporters), should have focused on the people who SPIED on my 2016 Campaign, and others who fabricated the whole Russia Hoax. That is, never forget, the crime.....
Those Illegal Immigrants who can no longer be legally held (Congress must fix the laws and loopholes) will be, subject to Homeland Security, given to Sanctuary Cities and States!
Mark Morgan, President Obama’s Border Patrol Chief, gave the following message to me: “President Trump, stay the course.” I agree, and believe it or not, we are making great progress with a system that has been broken for many years!
I finally agree with @Cher! https://t.co/i5acSgUrCk
The Radical Left Democrats will never be satisfied with anything we give them. They will always Resist and Obstruct!
THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN (We will never forget)!
Before Nancy, who has lost all control of Congress and is getting nothing done, decides to defend her leader, Rep. Omar, she should look at the anti-Semitic, anti-Israel and ungrateful U.S. HATE statements Omar has made. She is out of control, except for her control of Nancy!
Congress should come back to D.C. now and FIX THE IMMIGRATION LAWS!
Mueller, and the A.G. based on Mueller findings (and great intelligence), have already ruled No Collusion, No Obstruction. These were crimes committed by Crooked Hillary, the DNC, Dirty Cops and others! INVESTIGATE THE INVESTIGATORS!
What do I know about branding, maybe nothing (but I did become President!), but if I were Boeing, I would FIX the Boeing 737 MAX, add some additional great features, &amp, REBRAND the plane with a new name.No product has suffered like this one. But again, what the hell do I know?
RT @KimStrassel: Actually, they chose NOT to give give GOP House a lot of what GOP investigators wanted--easily more than 400 pages. It's a...
RT @WSJ: Opinion: Trump’s adversaries have spent more than two years trying to dodge accountability, writes @kimstrassel https://t.co/NXW4k...
Chinese Telecom Giant Huawei hires former Obama Cyber Security Official as a lobbyist. This is not good, or acceptable! @FoxNews @SteveHiltonx
.@SteveHiltonx  “This is President Trump trying to deliver on his promises while the bureaucratic machine fights his agenda. He needs populist allies. These changes are not chaos, but rather progress. All this is President Trump at his absolute best.” Thank you Steve!
Such a “puff piece” on Nancy Pelosi by @60minutes, yet her leadership has passed no meaningful Legislation. All they do is Investigate, as it turns out, crimes that they instigated &amp, committed. The Mueller No Collusion decision wasn’t even discussed-and she was a disaster at W.H.
Love people who are great under pressure. What a fantastic life comeback for a really great guy! https://t.co/41MtJtYEjq
Congratulations to @TigerWoods., a truly Great Champion!
Watching final hole of @TheMasters. @TigerWoods is looking GREAT!
Great Masters going on right now. @TigerWoods is leading with 2 holes left to play. Very exciting, tune in!
If the Fed had done its job properly, which it has not, the Stock Market would have been up 5000 to 10,000 additional points, and GDP would have been well  over 4% instead of 3%...with almost no inflation. Quantitative tightening was a killer, should have done the exact opposite!
Just out: The USA has the absolute legal right to have apprehended illegal immigrants transferred to Sanctuary Cities. We hereby demand that they be taken care of at the highest level, especially by the State of California, which is well known or its poor management &amp, high taxes!
RT @WhiteHouse: No law that kicks 180 million Americans off their plans is acceptable. While Democrats abandon Obamacare for more socialism...
Democrats must change the Immigration Laws FAST. If not, Sanctuary Cities must immediately ACT to take care of the Illegal Immigrants - and this includes Gang Members, Drug Dealers, Human Traffickers, and Criminals of all shapes, sizes and kinds. CHANGE THE LAWS NOW!
....So interesting to see the Mayor of Oakland and other Sanctuary Cities NOT WANT our currently “detained immigrants” after release due to the ridiculous court ordered 20 day rule. If they don’t want to serve our Nation by taking care of them, why should other cities &amp, towns?
I never offered Pardons to Homeland Security Officials, never ordered anyone to close our Southern Border (although I have the absolute right to do so, and may if Mexico does not apprehend the illegals coming to our Border), and am not “frustrated.” It is all Fake &amp, Corrupt News!
....When I won the Election in 2016, the @nytimes had to beg their fleeing subscribers for forgiveness in that they covered the Election (and me) so badly. They didn’t have a clue, it was pathetic. They even apologized to me. But now they are even worse, really corrupt reporting!
The New York Times Sanctuary Cities/Immigration story today was knowingly wrong on almost every fact. They never call to check for truth. Their sources often don’t even exist, a fraud. They will lie &amp, cheat anyway possible to make me look bad. In 6 years they will be gone........
Great playing by @TigerWoods (at the) @TheMasters. Tomorrow will be a big and exciting day for golf and for sports. Many fantastic players in the hunt. Ratings Gold - Good luck to all!
RT @realDonaldTrump: WE WILL NEVER FORGET! https://t.co/VxrGFRFeJM
Great news! #MAGA https://t.co/haZ1HbVpNu
The Left has become totally unhinged. They no longer care what is Right for our Countrty!
Why should Radical Left Democrats in Congress have a right to retry and examine the $35,000,000 (two years in the making) No Collusion Mueller Report, when the crime committed was by Crooked Hillary, the DNC and Dirty Cops? Attorney General Barr will make the decision!
....extraordinary growth, economic success and riches under the leadership of Chairman Kim. I look forward to the day, which could be soon, when Nuclear Weapons and Sanctions can be removed, and then watching North Korea become one of the most successful nations of the World!
I agree with Kim Jong Un of North Korea that our personal relationship remains very good, perhaps the term excellent would be even more accurate, and that a third Summit would be good in that we fully understand where we each stand. North Korea has tremendous potential for.......
In New York State, Democrats blocked a Bill expanding College Tuition for Gold Star families after approving aid for illegal immigrants. No wonder so many people are leaving N.Y. Very Sad!
Another Fake Story on @NBCNews that I offered Pardons to Homeland Securiy personnel in case they broke the law regarding illegal immigration and sanctuary cities. Of course this is not true. Mainstream Media is corrupt and getting worse, if that is possible, every day!
A Fake Story by Politico. Made up sources. Thank you Mount Vernon! https://t.co/Pf60zBy6Sw
RT @politicalelle: How is this woman walking the halls of Congress. How. https://t.co/CrtK7j3wpZ
RT @dbongino: With the exception of FISA warrants, the use of human intelligence assets, the use of national security letters, &amp, the unprec...
Finally, great news at the Border! https://t.co/nofzYa2Qs7
Finally great news at the Border! https://t.co/nofzYa2Qs7
Thank you Jeh, so well stated! https://t.co/4QmP6XrUVA
If the Radical Left Democrats all of a sudden don’t want the Illegal Migrants in their Sanctuary Cities (no more open arms), why should others be expected to take them into their communities? Go home and come into our Country legally and through a system of Merit!
WSJ's Strassel: Barr 'Right' to Say 'Spying' Occurred on Trump Campaign | Breitbart https://t.co/YuC9IX01GF via @BreitbartNews
RT @trish_regan: .@CLewandowski_ says he is POSITIVE orders to spy on the #Trump campaign during 2016 came from the HIGHEST levels – perhap...
WE WILL NEVER FORGET! https://t.co/VxrGFRFeJM
....The Radical Left always seems to have an Open Borders, Open Arms policy – so this should make them very happy!
Due to the fact that Democrats are unwilling to change our very dangerous immigration laws, we are indeed, as reported, giving strong considerations to placing Illegal Immigrants in Sanctuary Cities only....
Even the Democrats now say that our Southern Border is a Crisis and a National Emergency. Hopefully, we will not be getting any more BAD (outrageous) court decisions!
“Democrats don’t like the results of the Mueller Report, so now they’re trying everything else.”  @RepDougCollins  They should stop wasting time and money and get back to real legislating, especially on the Border!
President Obama’s top White House lawyer, Gregory B. Craig, was indicted yesterday on very serious charges. This is a really big story, but the Fake News New York Times didn’t even put it on page one, rather page 16. @washingtonpost not much better, “tiny” page one. Corrupt News!
“I don’t need to know any more. We’re done, absolutely done, he (Mueller) tried the case. There’s NO COLLUSION.” @LindseyGrahamSC  @foxandfriends  No matter what we do or give to the Radical Left, it will never be enough!
JOBLESS CLAIMS AT 50 YEAR LOW!
RT @chuckwoolery: President Trump continues to tally up wins for our country as Americans just saw the best income gains in over 50 years....
RT @DailyCaller: Every CNN Presidential Town Hall Finished Behind MSNBC And Fox News In Ratings https://t.co/muDZgLT4u7
Great heroes! https://t.co/ltiNOcBBeo
RT @DailyCaller: Rod Rosenstein Defends Attorney General’s Handling Of Mueller Report https://t.co/qMmzaPYrK4
“And the Radical Dems reeling in disarray as the President continues to Win, Win and Win again! The Left is PRETENDING to be shocked by A.G. William Barr’s testimony before Congress in which he said SPYING did occur on the Trump 2016 Campaign.” @LouDobbs  @FoxNews
RT @ArthurSchwartz: Wow. @tedlieu got a well deserved ass kicking. Shame on you Ted.  https://t.co/R6Yb95EzYX
House Democrats want to negotiate a $2 TRILLION spending increase but can’t even pass their own plan. We can’t afford it anyway, and it’s not happening!
Beautiful afternoon in the Oval Office today with a few great American HEROES! https://t.co/HYEI83NVrm
"""Biggest scandal of our time - the coup that failed!"" @MariaBartiromo https://t.co/7JuifNK79T"
"""SPY GAMES: TIME FOR ANSWERS"" https://t.co/tRw7fb7Tys"
Too bad that the European Union is being so tough on the United Kingdom and Brexit. The E.U. is likewise a brutal trading partner with the United States, which will change. Sometimes in life you have to let people breathe before it all comes back to bite you!
I think what the Democrats are doing with the Border is TREASONOUS. Their Open Border mindset is putting our Country at risk. Will not let this happen!
RT @DHSgov: Today, @CBP Commissioner Kevin McAleenan was sworn-in to lead DHS as the Acting Secretary. The ceremony took place at the new D...
CONGRATULATIONS to @EricTrump and @LaraLeaTrump on the great news. So proud!
Join me in Crosby, Texas as I deliver remarks and sign Executive Orders on Energy and Infrastructure! https://t.co/oun56uzi53
So, it has now been determined, by 18 people that truly hate President Trump, that there was No Collusion with Russia. In fact, it was an illegal investigation that should never have been allowed to start. I fought back hard against this Phony &amp, Treasonous Hoax!
Spoke to Bibi @Netanyahu to congratulate him on a great and hard-fought win. The United States is with him and the People of Israel all the way! https://t.co/OfFI6aKSOb
Trump flags being waived at the Bibi @Netanyahu VICTORY celebration last night! https://t.co/SX8RVAALYW
RT @JudicialWatch: Judicial Watch President @TomFitton discussed the Trump coup in his Weekly Update: It was all based on this fraudulent d...
RT @JudicialWatch: BREAKING: JW announced today that it uncovered 422 pages of FBI documents showing evidence of “cover up” discussions rel...
Everybody is now acknowledging that, right from the time I announced my run for President, I was 100% correct on the Border. Remember the heat I took? Democrats should now get rid of the loopholes. The Border is being fixed. Mexico will not let people through!
"RT @IWV: .@POTUS @realDonaldTrump has ""delivered on his promises...He has a background in delivering economically. He's promised to do cert..."
RT @HeyTammyBruce: Trump Job Approval Jumps to 53% - Seven Points Higher Than Obama https://t.co/cv40yIrU2M
The Democrats must end the loopholes on immigration. So easy to solve!
“The underlying issue remains the same without a single American being indicted for Collusion with Russia, &amp, that is a stunning end considering we were led to believe (Fake News) that something much more dramatic would happen. Why did people fall for this?” @TuckerCarlson Molly H
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/diXWQHuyGj
THANK YOU, WORKING HARD! https://t.co/3OUESGRw43
Check this out - TRUTH! https://t.co/2HNVeEpKDu
Today, it was my great honor to welcome President @AlsisiOfficial of the Arab Republic of Egypt to the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/yBox7EhToT
“She (Congresswoman Omar) keeps on assaulting Jews...” Jeff Ballabon, B2 Strategic, CEO https://t.co/WMKN9RQm2n
https://t.co/OIpp7mL2uD
“What’s completely unacceptable is for Congesswoman Omar to target Jews, in this case Stephen Miller.” Jeff Ballabon, B2 Strategic, CEO.  @Varneyco
On National Former Prisoner of War Recognition Day, we honor the Americans captured and imprisoned by foreign powers while carrying out their duties to defend this great Nation...https://t.co/dEVfRo5uy7
The Mainstream Media has never been more inaccurate or corrupt than it is today. It only seems to get worse. So much Fake News!
....I got along very well with Jerry during the zoning and building process. Then I changed course (slightly), became President, and now I am dealing with Congressman Nadler again. Some things never end, but hopefully it will all go well for everyone. Only time will tell!
Congressman Jerry Nadler fought me for years on a very large development I built on the West Side of Manhattan. He wanted a Rail Yard built underneath the development or even better, to stop the job. He didn’t get either &amp, the development became VERY successful. Nevertheless,....
The World Trade Organization finds that the European Union subsidies to Airbus has adversely impacted the United States, which will now put Tariffs on $11 Billion of EU products! The EU has taken advantage of the U.S. on trade for many years. It will soon stop!
RT @GOPChairwoman: Our economy is on fire. Jobs are up, unemployment is at record lows, and wages are still rising. But Democrats would...
RT @WhiteHouse: The newly constructed 30-foot wall in Calexico, CA, replaces a barrier made of surplus corrugated steel landing mats from t...
Congratulations to Virginia - Great game!
RT @TeamTrump: BIGGER paychecks under President @realDonaldTrump! 💰 https://t.co/GAezgi2RI5
“Conservative support for Trump wall soars to 99 percent” https://t.co/Tblpox8Nsg
A 9th Circuit Judge just ruled that Mexico is too dangerous for migrants. So unfair to the U.S. OUT OF CONTROL! https://t.co/XF8o3jMDle
Congratulations to the Baylor Lady Bears on their amazing win last night against Notre Dame to become the 2019 NCAA Women’s Basketball National Champions! https://t.co/cogqxFgnRn
The Democrats will never be satisfied, no matter what they get, how much they get, or how many pages they get. It will never end, but that’s the way life goes!
Uganda must find the kidnappers of the American Tourist and guide before people will feel safe in going there. Bring them to justice openly and quickly!
"RT @cspan: Rep. @Jim_Jordan on President Trump's tax returns: ""There's no law that says they have to be public.""Watch full #Newsmakers in..."
RT @Jim_Jordan: Dems want President’s tax returns for purely political purposes!Frightening, but shouldn’t surprise us—same folks used th...
RT @Jim_Jordan: Dem talk:-Abolish ICE-Borderless hemisphere-Walls are immoral-Illegals should vote-Raise taxes@POTUS action:-Regs r...
“Jerry Nadler is not entitled to this information. He is doing this to get it to the Democrat 2020 nominee.” @KatiePavlich
“The reason the whole process seems so politicized is that Democrats made up this complete lie about Collusion ....and none of it happened.” Charles Hurt. The Russian Hoax never happened, it was a fraud on the American people!
....Mexico must apprehend all illegals and not let them make the long march up to the United States, or we will have no other choice than to Close the Border and/or institute Tariffs. Our Country is FULL!
More apprehensions (captures)at the Southern Border than in many years. Border Patrol amazing! Country is FULL! System has been broken for many years. Democrats in Congress must agree to fix loopholes - No Open Borders (Crimes &amp, Drugs). Will Close Southern Border If necessary...
....I am pleased to announce that Kevin McAleenan, the current U.S. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner, will become Acting Secretary for @DHSgov. I have confidence that Kevin will do a great job!
Secretary of Homeland Security Kirstjen Nielsen will be leaving her position, and I would like to thank her for her service....
RT @mike_pence: .@RealDonaldTrump is doing his job to SECURE OUR BORDER! @CBP is doing their job. It’s time for Congress to do its job and...
RT @mike_pence: The last 2 years, under @RealDonaldTrump, have been 2 years of action – it’s been 2 years of results – &amp, it’s been 2 years...
Pleased to report that the American tourist and tour guide that were abducted in Uganda have been released. God bless them and their families!
Looks like Bob Mueller’s team of 13 Trump Haters &amp, Angry Democrats are illegally leaking information to the press while the Fake News Media make up their own stories with or without sources - sources no longer matter to our corrupt &amp, dishonest Mainstream Media, they are a Joke!
....In the meantime, the Democrats in Congress must help the Republicans (we need their votes) to end the horrible, costly and foolish loopholes in our Immigration Laws. Once that happens, all will be smooth. We can NEVER allow Open Borders!
....it’s powerful common sense Immigration Laws to stop illegals from coming through Mexico into the U.S., and removing them back to their country of origin. Until Mexico cleans up this ridiculous &amp, massive migration, we will be focusing on Border Security, not Ports of Entry....
We have redeployed 750 agents at the Southern Border’s specific Ports of Entry in order to help with the large scale surge of illegal migrants trying to make their way into the United States. This will cause traffic &amp, commercial delays until such time as Mexico is able to use....
“Give Up, Trump-Haters”https://t.co/4wg4BUk9gP https://t.co/0Bt2jyorMn
Why should I be defending a fraudulent Russian Witch Hunt. It’s about time the perpetrators of this fraud on me and the American People start defending their dishonest and treasonous acts. How and why did this terrible event begin? Never Forget!
To every member of the @RJC, thank you for your incredible support and your outstanding commitment to our Country, to our safety, and to electing MORE REPUBLICANS. Over the next 19 months, I know that the @RJC will help lead our party to another HISTORIC VICTORY! #TrumpAtRJC https://t.co/P1brsp3PxF
.... against something I knew never existed, Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous!) - No Obstruction. This Russia Hoax must never happen to another President, and Law Enforcement must find out, HOW DID IT START?
So, let’s get this straight! There was No Collusion and in fact the Phony Dossier was a Con Job that was paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. So the 13 Angry Democrats were investigating an event that never happened and that was in fact a made up Fraud. I just fought back....
Will be speaking today at the Republican Jewish Coalition (@RJC) meeting in Las Vegas, Nevada. See everyone soon! https://t.co/RvNBLMC2nI
So, let’s get this straight! There was No Collusion and in fact the Phony Dossier was a Con Job that was paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC. So the 13 Angry Democrats were investigating an event that never happened and that was in fact a made up Fraud. I just fought back....
RT @ABC: NEW: Pres. Trump says he will hold a rally at an undetermined location rather than attend the White House Correspondents' Dinner,...
.....years and $30 million, and they found No Collusion, No Obstruction. But the Democrats, no matter what we give them, will NEVER be satisfied. A total waste of time. As @FrankLuntz has just stated, “Enough, America has had enough. What have you accomplished. Public is fed up.”
I have not read the Mueller Report yet, even though I have every right to do so. Only know the conclusions, and on the big one, No Collusion. Likewise, recommendations made to our great A.G. who found No Obstruction. 13 Angry Trump hating Dems (later brought to 18) given two.....
Thank you to two great people! https://t.co/9VoIV44L9c
RT @WhiteHouse: Simply put: Walls work, and walls save lives. https://t.co/OyLatl4oyN
RT @marc_lotter: Let me answer that question for you @MSNBC - NO!!! https://t.co/0QYxwKjGJ1
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""There is indeed an emergency on our southern border. It's been loud and clear."" https://t.co/TJMJ5bhdDO"
RT @JesseBWatters: TOMORROW: It’s a star-studded FOX episode of @WattersWorld with @seanhannity , @LouDobbs , and @marklevinshow ! What wil...
“Collusion was a Hoax from day one.” @dbongino  @foxandfriends
“The lowest average jobs number for any President since 1951, 4.1%. Economy doing great. If the Democrats win, it is all over.” @Varneyco  @foxandfriends  I agree!
THANK YOU @DHSgov, @CBP, and @ICEgov! https://t.co/BzNwKoUJlg
RT @WhiteHouse: Thank you to all of the brave men and women of CBP who protect our country each and every day. https://t.co/jpW7B5NK6p
RT @VP: The struggle in Venezuela is between dictatorship and democracy, and freedom has the momentum. Nicolas Maduro is a dictator with no...
RT @Scavino45: 🚨Happening Now: President @realDonaldTrump at the Southern Border with the great men and women who protect our country 24/7...
Congratulations David, a very big deal! https://t.co/ymtI2ueAgA
RT @WhiteHouse: Americans will write our own economic destiny. Never believe the pessimists: Pro-growth, pro-worker policies work.America...
Just checked out the new Wall on the Border - GREAT! Leaving now for L.A.
Join me in California for a Roundtable on Immigration and Border Security! https://t.co/hLV86lWTtA
Just arrived in Calexico, California! https://t.co/lTChNxsHj6
Will soon be landing in Calexico, California to look at a portion of the new WALL being built on our Southern Border. Within two years we will have close to 400 miles built or under construction &amp, keeping our Country SAFE – not easy when the Dems are always fighting to stop you!
The press is doing everything within their power to fight the magnificence of the phrase, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! They can’t stand the fact that this Administration has done more than virtually any other Administration in its first 2yrs. They are truly the ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
“America Created 196,000 Jobs in March, Beating Expectations for 170,000” https://t.co/TQ2LecXgfi
I’ve employed thousands of Electrical Workers. They will be voting for me!
Congratulations to Brian Hagedorn on his big surprise win over a well funded Liberal Democrat in the Great State of Wisconsin for a very important Supreme Court seat. Republicans are producing big for Wisconsin!
JOBS! JOBS! JOBS! https://t.co/3tukVpJpzN
Heading to the Southern Border to show a section of the new Wall being built! Leaving now!
....This will supersede USMCA. Likewise I am looking at an economic penalty for the 500 Billion Dollars in illegal DRUGS that are shipped and smuggled through Mexico and across our Southern Border. Over 100,00 Americans die each year, sooo many families destroyed!
....However, if for any reason Mexico stops apprehending and bringing the illegals back to where they came from, the U.S. will be forced to Tariff at 25% all cars made in Mexico and shipped over the Border to us. If that doesn’t work, which it will, I will close the Border.......
The Crazed and Dishonest Washington Post again purposely got it wrong. Mexico, for the first time in decades, is meaningfully apprehending illegals at THEIR Southern Border, before the long march up to the U.S. This is great and the way it should be. The big flow will stop.......
“Trolling the Mueller Report. Democrats Lost On Collusion. Now They’re Inventing A Coverup.” @WSJopinion  James Freeman @LouDobbs
I am pleased to announce that Jovita Carranza will be nominated as the new @SBAgov Administrator. She will be replacing Linda McMahon, who has done an outstanding job. Jovita was a great Treasurer of the United States – and I look forward to her joining my Cabinet!
.@ByronYork: “How bad does border have to be for Democrats to admit it's an emergency?” https://t.co/6LOPQQEKtP
“Democrats need to help fix the border crisis or get out of Trump’s way” https://t.co/IlQ8rbjlfg
The New York Times had no legitimate sources, which would be totally illegal, concerning the Mueller Report. In fact, they probably had no sources at all! They are a Fake News paper who have already been forced to apologize for their incorrect and very bad reporting on me!
There is nothing we can ever give to the Democrats that will make them happy. This is the highest level of Presidential Harassment in the history of our Country!
According to polling, few people seem to care about the Russian Collusion Hoax, but some Democrats are fighting hard to keep the Witch Hunt alive. They should focus on legislation or, even better, an investigation of how the ridiculous Collusion Delusion got started - so illegal!
Despite the unnecessary and destructive actions taken by the Fed, the Economy is looking very strong, the China and USMCA deals are moving along nicely, there is little or no Inflation, and USA optimism is very high!
THE REPUBLICAN PARTY IS THE PARTY OF THE AMERICAN DREAM!
The First Step Act proves that our Country can achieve amazing breakthroughs when we put politics aside, and put the interests of ALL Americans FIRST. https://t.co/dTKubkIBQn https://t.co/kILIFjXglO
Congress must get together and immediately eliminate the loopholes at the Border! If no action, Border, or large sections of Border, will close. This is a National Emergency!
...This will be a great campaign issue. I never asked Mitch McConnell for a vote before the Election as has been incorrectly reported (as usual) in the @nytimes, but only after the Election when we take back the House etc. Republicans will always support pre-existing conditions!
I was never planning a vote prior to the 2020 Election on the wonderful HealthCare package that some very talented people are now developing for me &amp, the Republican Party. It will be on full display during the Election as a much better &amp, less expensive alternative to ObamaCare...
Today, it was my great honor to welcome @NATO Secretary General @JensStoltenberg to the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/4drPHXZBWH
Today, we celebrate the tremendous accomplishments of Americans with ASD and reaffirm our commitment to work together to ensure that every member of our society is afforded equal opportunities to reach their full potential.#WorldAutismAwarenessDay https://t.co/JQbJ2TGA3P
“I haven’t seen any Democrats down here at the Border working with us or asking to speak to any of us. They have an open invitation. We are getting overrun, our facilities are overcapacity. We are at an emergency crisis.” Art Del Cueto, National Border Patrol Council.
https://t.co/jVIodsTNNH
After many years (decades), Mexico is apprehending large numbers of people at their Southern Border, mostly from Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador. They have ALL been taking U.S. money for years, and doing ABSOLUTELY NOTHING for us, just like the Democrats in Congress!
There is no amount of testimony or document production that can satisfy Jerry Nadler or Shifty Adam Schiff. It is now time to focus exclusively on properly running our great Country!
Robert Mueller was a God-like figure to the Democrats, until he ruled No Collusion in the long awaited $30,000,000 Mueller Report. Now the Dems don’t even acknowledge his name, have become totally unhinged, and would like to go through the whole process again. It won’t happen!
World Autism Awareness Day 2019: Significance, history and theme via @htTweets https://t.co/kRLZoYEIJS
In 1998, Rep.Jerry Nadler strongly opposed the release of the Starr Report on Bill Clinton. No information whatsoever would or could be legally released. But with the NO COLLUSION Mueller Report, which the Dems hate, he wants it all. NOTHING WILL EVER SATISFY THEM! @foxandfriends
....The best thing that ever happened to Puerto Rico is President Donald J. Trump. So many wonderful people, but with such bad Island leadership and with so much money wasted. Cannot continue to hurt our Farmers and States with these massive payments, and so little appreciation!
Puerto Rico got 91 Billion Dollars for the hurricane, more money than has ever been gotten for a hurricane before, &amp, all their local politicians do is complain &amp, ask for more money. The pols are grossly incompetent, spend the money foolishly or corruptly, &amp, only take from USA....
....the crazed and incompetent Mayor of San Juan have done such a poor job  of bringing the Island back to health. 91 Billion Dollars to Puerto Rico, and now the Dems want to give them more, taking dollars away from our Farmers and so many others. Disgraceful!
....are GREAT, but the politicians are incompetent or corrupt. Puerto Rico got far more money than Texas &amp, Florida combined, yet their government can’t do anything right, the place is a mess - nothing works. FEMA &amp, the Military worked emergency miracles, but politicians like.....
The Democrats today killed a Bill that would have provided great relief to Farmers and yet more money to Puerto Rico despite the fact that Puerto Rico has already been scheduled to receive more hurricane relief funding than any “place” in history. The people of Puerto Rico.....
....back the House. It will be truly great HealthCare that will work for America. Also, Republicans will always support Pre-Existing Conditions. The Republican Party will be known as the Party of Great HealtCare. Meantime, the USA is doing better than ever &amp, is respected again!
Thank you to the House Republicans for sticking together and the BIG WIN today on the Border. Today’s vote simply reaffirms Congressional Democrats are the party of Open Borders, Drugs and Crime!
....are developing a really great HealthCare Plan with far lower premiums (cost) &amp, deductibles than ObamaCare. In other words it will be far less expensive &amp, much more usable than ObamaCare. Vote will be taken right after the Election when Republicans hold the Senate &amp, win......
Everybody agrees that ObamaCare doesn’t work. Premiums &amp, deductibles are far too high - Really bad HealthCare! Even the Dems want to replace it, but with Medicare for all, which would cause 180 million Americans to lose their beloved private health insurance. The Republicans.....
Democrats should stop fighting Sen. David Perdue’s disaster relief bill. They are blocking funding and relief for our great farmers and rural America!
No matter what information is given to the crazed Democrats from the No Collusion Mueller Report, it will never be good enough. Behind closed doors the Dems are laughing!
The cost of ObamaCare is far too high for our great citizens. The deductibles, in many cases way over $7000, make it almost worthless or unusable. Good things are going to happen! @SenRickScott  @senatemajldr @SenJohnBarrasso  @SenBillCassidy
Can you believe that the Radical Left Democrats want to do our new and very important Census Report without the all important Citizenship Question. Report would be meaningless and a waste of the $Billions (ridiculous) that it costs to put together!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Mexico must use its very strong immigration laws to stop the many thousands of people trying to get into the USA. Our...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Everybody is asking how the phony and fraudulent investigation of the No Collusion, No Obstruction Trump Campaign bega...
Democrats, working with Republicans in Congress, can fix the Asylum and other loopholes quickly. We have a major National Emergency at our Border. GET IT DONE NOW!
Now that the long awaited Mueller Report conclusions have been released, most Democrats and othershave gone back to the pre-Witch Hunt phase of their lives before Collusion Delusion took over. Others are pretending that their former hero, Bob Mueller, no longer exists!
The Democrats are allowing a ridiculous asylum system and major loopholes to remain as a mainstay of our immigration system. Mexico is likewise doing NOTHING, a very bad combination for our Country. Homeland Security is being sooo very nice, but not for long!
“Outrageous, it’s the Adam Schiff problem. People abusing the access to classified data to then go out in public and make allegations that didn’t prove to be true. You look at a decision to essentially investigate a political rival. Who made it?” James Freeman, @WSJ
Everybody is asking how the phony and fraudulent investigation of the No Collusion, No Obstruction Trump Campaign began. We need to know for future generations to understand. This Hoax should never be allowed to happen to another President or Administration again!
“The Trump Administration has succeeded in dramatically raising the costs to Iran for its sinister behavior, at no cost to the U.S. or our allies. That’s the definition of a foreign-policy achievement.” Bret Stephens, @nytimes  We are getting stronger all over the world, watch!
Mexico must use its very strong immigration laws to stop the many thousands of people trying to get into the USA. Our detention areas are maxed out &amp, we will take no more illegals. Next step is to close the Border! This will also help us with stopping the Drug flow from Mexico!
It would be so easy to fix our weak and very stupid Democrat inspired immigration laws. In less than one hour, and then a vote, the problem would be solved. But the Dems don’t care about the crime, they don’t want any victory for Trump and the Republicans, even if good for USA!
In honor of his past service to our Country, Navy Seal #EddieGallagher will soon be moved to less restrictive confinement while he awaits his day in court. Process should move quickly! @foxandfriends @RepRalphNorman
A huge thanks to @HeatherNauert for serving America at the @StateDept. Great work! I’m proud to have you join the Fulbright board! https://t.co/oq0ZaA3MID
So funny that The New York Times &amp, The Washington Post got a Pulitzer Prize for their coverage (100% NEGATIVE and FAKE!) of Collusion with Russia - And there was No Collusion! So, they were either duped or corrupt? In any event, their prizes should be taken away by the Committee!
...The problem is, no matter what the Radical Left Democrats get, no matter what we give them, it will never be enough. Just watch, they will Harass &amp, Complain &amp, Resist (the theme of their movement). So maybe we should just take our victory and say NO, we’ve got a Country to run!
Robert Mueller was a Hero to the Radical Left Democrats, until he ruled that there was No Collusion with Russia (so ridiculous to even say!). After more than two years since the “insurance policy” statement was made by a dirty cop, I got the answers I wanted, the Truth.....
Had the Fed not mistakenly raised interest rates, especially since there is very little inflation, and had they not done the ridiculously timed quantitative tightening, the 3.0% GDP, &amp, Stock Market, would have both been much higher &amp, World Markets would be in a better place!
Will be interviewed at the Border by @seanhannity on @FoxNews tonight at 9:00. Enjoy!
....the Border, or large sections of the Border, next week. This would be so easy for Mexico to do, but they just take our money and “talk.” Besides, we lose so much money with them, especially when you add in drug trafficking etc.), that the Border closing would be a good thing!
“A Catastrophic Media Failure” https://t.co/dkHo5kHwwf
....through their country and our Southern Border. Mexico has for many years made a fortune off of the U.S., far greater than Border Costs. If Mexico doesn’t immediately stop ALL illegal immigration coming into the United States throug our Southern Border, I will be CLOSING.....
The DEMOCRATS have given us the weakest immigration laws anywhere in the World. Mexico has the strongest, &amp, they make more than $100 Billion a year on the U.S. Therefore, CONGRESS MUST CHANGE OUR WEAK IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW, &amp, Mexico must stop illegals from entering the U.S....
This has been an incredible couple of weeks for AMERICA! https://t.co/bqdB7DFx8P
On this Vietnam War Veterans Day, we celebrate the brave Vietnam Veterans and all of America’s Veterans. Thank you for your service to our great Nation!
Working hard, thank you! #MAGA https://t.co/00hoL0to0u
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! https://t.co/Y6UPREMY7u https://t.co/6r7wdYDf66
Massive overflow crowds in Grand Rapids, Michigan tonight. Thank you for joining us tonight! #MAGA https://t.co/KQ5hTZAXsk
Beautiful #MAGARally tonight in Grand Rapids, Michigan - thank you, I love you! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! https://t.co/3xlMOaaTR5
On my way to Grand Rapids, Michigan right now. See you all very soon! #MAGA https://t.co/JjGAijXlRT
We have a National Emergency at our Southern Border. The Dems refuse to do what they know is necessary - amend our immigration laws. Would immediately solve the problem! Mexico, with the strongest immigration laws in the World, refuses to help with illegal immigration &amp, drugs!
The Republican Party will become the Party of Great HealthCare! ObamaCare is a disaster, far too expensive and deductibility ridiculously high - virtually unusable! Moving forward in Courts and Legislatively!
https://t.co/3AFCELjprL
https://t.co/b1bp3CGqwC
Very important that OPEC increase the flow of Oil. World Markets are fragile, price of Oil getting too high. Thank you!
Wow, ratings for “Morning Joe,” which were really bad in the first place, just “tanked” with the release of the Mueller Report. Likewise, other shows on MSNBC and CNN have gone down by as much as 50%. Just shows, Fake News never wins!
Congressman Adam Schiff, who spent two years knowingly and unlawfully lying and leaking, should be forced to resign from Congress!
FBI &amp, DOJ to review the outrageous Jussie Smollett case in Chicago. It is an embarrassment to our Nation!
Mexico is doing NOTHING to help stop the flow of illegal immigrants to our Country. They are all talk and no action. Likewise, Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador have taken our money for years, and do Nothing. The Dems don’t care, such BAD laws. May close the Southern Border!
The Fake News Media is going Crazy! They are suffering a major “breakdown,” have ZERO credibility or respect, &amp, must be thinking about going legit. I have learned to live with Fake News, which has never been more corrupt than it is right now. Someday, I will tell you the secret!
Will be heading to Grand Rapids, Michigan, tonight for a Big Rally. Will be talking about the many exciting things that are happening to our Country, but also the car companies, &amp, others, that are pouring back into Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, North &amp, South Carolina &amp, all over!
https://t.co/Tjz6ZjVV79
https://t.co/lGxIGgf43F
RT @seanhannity: #HANNITY EXCLUSIVE TONIGHT: One-on-one with @realdonaldtrump — the President’s first interview since Mueller found no coll...
We are here today to award America’s highest military honor to a fallen hero who made the supreme sacrifice for our nation – Staff Sergeant Travis Atkins...https://t.co/q3J8BhRnhA
....Also discussed political fairness and various things that @Google can do for our Country. Meeting ended very well!
Just met with @SundarPichai, President of @Google, who is obviously doing quite well. He stated strongly that he is totally committed to the U.S. Military, not the Chinese Military....
https://t.co/kTXRgcuk5x
.@GreggJarrett: “Trump-Russia 'collusion' was always a hoax -- and dirtiest political trick in modern US history” https://t.co/H59Q1UL64g
The Fake News Media has lost tremendous credibility with its corrupt coverage of the illegal Democrat Witch Hunt of your all time favorite duly elected President, me! T.V. ratings of CNN &amp, MSNBC tanked last night after seeing the Mueller Report statement. @FoxNews up BIG!
https://t.co/Ing9BhBQGi
https://t.co/P46CNUBicX
“I think this is probably the most consequential media screwup of the last 25 to 50 years. It is difficult to comprehend or overstate the damage that the media did to the Country, to their own reputation or to the Constitution. An absolute catastrophe” Sean Davis  @TuckerCarlson
“Proclamation on Recognizing the Golan Heights as Part of the State of Israel” https://t.co/yAAyR2Hxe4 https://t.co/VccUpjMJqZ
“What we’re seeing on Capitol Hill right now is that the Democrats are walking back any charges of Collusion against the President.” @ByronYork @BillHemmer Should never have been started, a disgrace!
“What we’re seeing on Capital Hill right now is that the Democrats are walking back any charges of Collusion against the President.” @ByronYork  @BillHemmer Should never have been started, a disgrace!
RT @TomFitton: Let’s be clear, neither Mueller, Obama FBI, DOJ, CIA, Deep State, etc ever had good faith basis to pursue @realDonaldTrump o...
The Mainstream Media is under fire and being scorned all over the World as being corrupt and FAKE. For two years they pushed the Russian Collusion Delusion when they always knew there was No Collusion. They truly are the Enemy of the People and the Real Opposition Party!
"RT @TomFitton: Tom Fitton on @RealDonaldTrump Russia Mueller Probe: 'They've KNOWN There Was NO Collusion"" And, by the way, @DevinNunes is..."
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Christmas came early this week. https://t.co/ypqkZgRkeR
RT @ZacharyIvanPor1: @realDonaldTrump Thank you Mr. President🇺🇸 for all of your sacrifice, your hard work, and your thoughtful leadership....
RT @ScottABC7: The Stanley Cup and the Caps with President Trump in the Oval Office.What a picture! https://t.co/lKwBz3F1YL
A team of great champions! https://t.co/Pm5p9L6TaX
RT @keeperofthecup: Hanging out in the Roosevelt Room, waiting to head into the oval office.  #stanleycup @NHL @WhiteHouse @HockeyHallFame...
RT @bmcnally14: The #Caps won a Stanley Cup so they get to spend the next hour here touring and meeting the President in a private event. h...
WSJ: Obama Admin Must Account for ‘Abuse of Surveillance Powers’ https://t.co/mIE0vOFZae via @BreitbartNews
Today, it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister @Netanyahu of Israel back to the @WhiteHouse where I signed a Presidential Proclamation recognizing Israel’s sovereignty over the Golan Heights. Read more: https://t.co/yAAyR2Hxe4 https://t.co/gWp6nwRwsY
https://t.co/G4RNXzoWqc
https://t.co/DAT0cT72WX
RT @realDonaldTrump: Good Morning, Have A Great Day!
RT @realDonaldTrump: No Collusion, No Obstruction, Complete and Total EXONERATION. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
RT @realDonaldTrump: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“Breaking News: Mueller Report Finds No Trump-Russia Conspiracy.” @MSNBC
“The Special Counsel did not find that the Trump Campaign, or anyone associated with it, conspired or coordinated with the Russian Government in these efforts, despite multiple offers from Russian-affiliated individuals to assist the Trump Campaign.”
“No matter your ideologies or your loyalties, this is a good day for America. No American conspired to cooperate with Russia in its efforts to interfere with the 2016 election, according to Robert Mueller, and that is good.”  @BretBaier  @FoxNews
No Collusion, No Obstruction, Complete and Total EXONERATION. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Good Morning, Have A Great Day!
Today in Florida, @FLOTUS and I were honored to welcome and meet with leaders from the Bahamas, Dominican Republic, Haiti, Jamaica, and Saint Lucia! https://t.co/tElFdkIYfC
It was announced today by the U.S. Treasury that additional large scale Sanctions would be added to those already existing Sanctions on North Korea. I have today ordered the withdrawal of those additional Sanctions!
It is my pleasure to announce that @StephenMoore, a very respected Economist, will be nominated to serve on the Fed Board. I have known Steve for a long time – and have no doubt he will be an outstanding choice!
....There is nothing to admire about them, they will always try to show a glimmer of vicious hope, but they are losers and barely breathing. Think about that before you destroy your lives and the lives of your family!
RT @ChuckCallesto: BREAKING:  ==&gt, Minnesota Democrats make move to REMOVE Ilhan Omar from Congress...https://t.co/77LYHMQ96K
ISIS uses the internet better than almost anyone, but for all of those susceptible to ISIS propaganda, they are now being beaten badly at every level....
https://t.co/wbQiy4uGYM
https://t.co/du665IcD5H
“Our own Benjamin Hall is doing fantastic reporting on ISIS right on the from line (True). ISIS was willing to die but now, because of big pressure, save for a few people in caves, most have surrendered. A testament to our President.” Thank you Pete Hegseth @foxandfriends
https://t.co/qjoe0rc3rQ
3.1 GDP FOR THE YEAR, BEST NUMBER IN 14 YEARS!
RT @WhiteHouse: The American dream is back because President Trump understands what many experts don't: that restoring American greatness i...
RT @GOPChairwoman: You can't deny our economy is roaring: *fastest GDP growth in 13 years *1M more job openings than people looking for...
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Super excited today that @realdonaldTrump is signing an executive order today to protect free speech rights for ALL stu...
RT @WhiteHouse: President @realDonaldTrump's historic investments in our defense industrial base keep two of his biggest promises to voters...
RT @WhiteHouse: Today, there are plenty of reasons for that trust. Manufacturing jobs are roaring back. Blue-collar workers are set to make...
Today we celebrate the lives and achievements of Americans with Down Syndrome. @VP and I will always stand with these wonderful families, and together we will always stand for LIFE! #WorldDownSyndromeDay https://t.co/u7vrG7JnCP
We are here today to take historic action to defend American Students and American Values. In a few moments, I will be signing an Executive Order to protect FREE SPEECH on College Campuses.https://t.co/gFFnSl1bEF
After 52 years it is time for the United States to fully recognize Israel’s Sovereignty over the Golan Heights, which is of critical strategic and security importance to the State of Israel and Regional Stability!
“John Solomon: As Russia Collusion fades, Ukrainian plot to help Clinton emerges.” @seanhannity  @FoxNews
“The reason we have the Special Counsel investigation is that James Comey (a dirty cop) leaked his memos to a friend, who leaked them to the press, on purpose.” @KennedyNation Totally illegal!
https://t.co/UhTjBuWY2h
Leaving the GREAT STATE of OHIO for the @WhiteHouse. A really great day!
ISIS Caliphate two years ago in red vs. ISIS Caliphate TODAY. (Was even worse in November 2016 before I took office). https://t.co/MUgfex4rCj
Really beautiful to see! https://t.co/DKq2TIeiSs
Great news from @Ford! They are investing nearly $1 BILLION in Flat Rock, Michigan for auto production on top of a $1 BILLION investment last month in a facility outside of Chicago. Companies are pouring back into the United States - they want to be where the action is!
I am thrilled to be here in Ohio with the hardworking men and women of the Lima Army Tank Plant! We are here today to celebrate a resounding victory for all of you, for Northwest Ohio, for our GREAT MILITARY, and for our entire Country...https://t.co/ZWbjX0Be9m
George Conway, often referred to as Mr. Kellyanne Conway by those who know him, is VERY jealous of his wife’s success &amp, angry that I, with her help, didn’t give him the job he so desperately wanted. I barely know him but just take a look, a stone cold LOSER &amp, husband from hell!
The Democrats are getting very “strange.” They now want to change the voting age to 16, abolish the Electoral College, and Increase significantly the number of Supreme Court Justices. Actually, you’ve got to win it at the Ballot Box!
Not a good situation! https://t.co/uaMcSrX4yM
....just the large States - the Cities would end up running the Country. Smaller States &amp, the entire Midwest would end up losing all power - &amp, we can’t let that happen. I used to like the idea of the Popular Vote, but now realize the Electoral College is far better for the U.S.A.
Campaigning for the Popular Vote is much easier &amp, different than campaigning for the Electoral College. It’s like training for the 100 yard dash vs. a marathon. The brilliance of the Electoral College is that you must go to many States to win. With the Popular Vote, you go to....
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: My latest OP-Ed on Tech Censorship - check it out and RT. Conservatives face a tough fight as Big Tech's censorship e...
Thank you @JesseBWatters, could not have said it any better myself! https://t.co/HirL10zwZl
Amazingly, CNN just released a poll at 71%, saying that the economy is in the best shape since 2001, 18 years! WOW, is CNN becoming a believer?
https://t.co/95I4towyEP
I will be looking into this! #StopTheBias https://t.co/ZTWQolvmdM
Facebook, Google and Twitter, not to mention the Corrupt Media, are sooo on the side of the Radical Left Democrats. But fear not, we will win anyway, just like we did before! #MAGA
“You can’t dispel this mood of positive energy.”  @Varneyco  The Economy is Great!
A total loser! https://t.co/vm3Vv2f9jf
The Fake News Media has NEVER been more Dishonest or Corrupt than it is right now. There has never been a time like this in American History. Very exciting but also, very sad! Fake News is the absolute Enemy of the People and our Country itself!
https://t.co/h2bZ1p3UlY
https://t.co/QxJBMTAZqG
Rep. Devin Nunes Files $250M Defamation Lawsuit Against Twitter, Two Anonymous Twitter Accounts https://t.co/fT9ZXdWg7z via @thedailybeast
Republican Senators are overthinking tomorrow’s vote on National Emergency. It is very simply Border Security/No Crime - Should not be thought of any other way. We have a MAJOR NATIONAL EMERGENCY at our Border and the People of our Country know it very well!
While the press doesn’t like writing about it, nor do I need them to, I donate my yearly Presidential salary of $400,000.00 to different agencies throughout the year, this to Homeland Security. If I didn’t do it there would be hell to pay from the FAKE NEWS MEDIA! https://t.co/xqIGUOwh4x
https://t.co/precsXDarx
Our prayers are with the great people of South Dakota. We are staying in close contact with @GovKristiNoem and all the State and Local leaders during and after these devastating floods. Everyone be safe! https://t.co/9CNcPJZ3qi
My team is staying in close contact with Governor Kim Reynolds (@IAGovernor) of Iowa and the local officials managing these floods. We support you and thank all of the first responders working long hours to help the great people of Iowa! https://t.co/mZ4grxQ1Sa
https://t.co/sb4UfYkFWI
GDP growth during the four quarters of 2018 was the fastest since 2005. This Administration is the first on record to have experienced economic growth that meets or exceeds its own forecasts in each of its first two years in office. GROWTH is beating MARKET EXPECTATIONS!
Wow! A Suffolk/USA Today Poll, just out, states, “50% of Americans AGREE that  Robert Mueller’s investigation is a Witch Hunt.” @MSNBC  Very few think it is legit! We will soon find out?
The Fake News Media is working overtime to blame me for the horrible attack in New Zealand. They will have to work very hard to prove that one. So Ridiculous!
Joe Biden got tongue tied over the weekend when he was unable to properly deliver a very simple line about his decision to run for President. Get used to it, another low I.Q. individual!
93% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
....are all coming back to the U.S. So is everyone else. We now have the best Economy in the World, the envy of all. Get that big, beautiful plant in Ohio open now. Close a plant in China or Mexico, where you invested so heavily pre-Trump, but not in the U.S.A. Bring jobs home!
General Motors and the UAW are going to start “talks” in September/October. Why wait, start them now! I want jobs to stay in the U.S.A. and want Lordstown (Ohio), in one of the best economies in our history, opened or sold to a company who will open it up fast! Car companies.....
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
What the Democrats have done in trying to steal a Presidential Election, first at the “ballot box” and then, after that failed, with the “Insurance Policy,” is the biggest Scandal in the history of our Country!
Just spoke to Mary Barra, CEO of General Motors about the Lordstown Ohio plant. I am not happy that it is closed when everything else in our Country is BOOMING. I asked her to sell it or do something quickly. She blamed the UAW Union — I don’t care, I just want it open!
RT @williamcraddick: Russiagate was designed in part to help the UK counter Russian influence by baiting the United States into taking a ha...
RT @LindaSuhler: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @ArthelNeville @LelandVittert Absolutely true, President Trump. When those three show up, I turn...
RT @SaraCarterDC: POWELL: Andrew Weissmann — The Kingpin Of Prosecutorial Misconduct — Leaves Mueller’s Squad | The Daily Caller https://t....
RT @WhiteHouse: Happy St. Patrick's Day! ☘️ https://t.co/GEGdysOWFB
RT @parscale: David Urban: Trump’s PA popularity no accident | https://t.co/mMJ65vRLhc https://t.co/0XfqEBl4p6
RT @LonewolfnDuke: @Lrihendry https://t.co/eVXFEQCkat
RT @vmbb12: We have to fight back. They have not let up on President Trump, nor his supporters since they lost. They are losers, we are win...
RT @ChuckCallesto: REVEALED: Foreign Government Official Offered Hillary Campaign Dirt On Trump [Details] https://t.co/t9EMftRAIG
All part of the Witch Hunt! https://t.co/5HCCNFZXFN
RT @ChuckCallesto: Christopher Steele Admits Using Posts By ‘Random Individuals’ From CNN To Back Up Trump Dossier https://t.co/ejhRHBjoBV
RT @ChuckCallesto: President Trump Defends Judge Jeanine After Fox Censors Her Show https://t.co/NodG0t0w2I
RT @superyayadize: NPR Accidentally Admits Border Fences Are Effective - Over past several decades, migrants have turned to more rugged par...
RT @Lrihendry: Meghan MCCain took a swipe at Trump suggesting “no one will ever love you like they loved my father” WRONG Meghan! Million...
Those Republican Senators who voted in favor of Strong Border Security (and the Wall) are being uniformly praised as they return to their States. They know there is a National Emergency at the Southern Border, and they had the courage to ACT. Great job!
Were @FoxNews weekend anchors, @ArthelNeville and @LelandVittert, trained by CNN prior to their ratings collapse? In any event, that’s where they should be working, along with their lowest rated anchor, Shepard Smith!
Democrat UAW Local 1112 President David Green ought to get his act together and produce. G.M. let our Country down, but other much better car companies are coming into the U.S. in droves. I want action on Lordstown fast. Stop complaining and get the job done! 3.8% Unemployment!
....to the people that got you there. Keep fighting for Tucker, and fight hard for @JudgeJeanine. Your competitors are jealous - they all want what you’ve got - NUMBER ONE. Don’t hand it to them on a silver platter. They can’t beat you, you can only beat yourselves!
....must stay strong and fight back with vigor. Stop working soooo hard on being politically correct, which will only bring you down, and continue to fight for our Country. The losers all want what you have, don’t give it to them. Be strong &amp, prosper, be weak &amp, die! Stay true....
Bring back @JudgeJeanine Pirro. The Radical Left Democrats, working closely with their beloved partner, the Fake News Media, is using every trick in the book to SILENCE a majority of our Country. They have all out campaigns against @FoxNews hosts who are doing too well. Fox .....
Happy St. Patrick’s Day! ☘️ https://t.co/WmuNzJSRr8
So it was indeed (just proven in court papers) “last in his class” (Annapolis) John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He &amp, the Dems, working together, failed (as usual). Even the Fake News refused this garbage!
So it was indeed (just proven in court papers) “last in his class” (Annapolis) John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He &amp, the Dems, working together,  failed (as usual). Even the Fake News refused this garbage!
Report: Christopher Steele backed up his Democrat &amp, Crooked Hillary paid for Fake &amp, Unverified Dossier with information he got from “send in watchers” of low ratings CNN. This is the info that got us the Witch Hunt!
....Should Federal Election Commission and/or FCC look into this? There must be Collusion with the Democrats and, of course, Russia! Such one sided media coverage, most of it Fake News. Hard to believe I won and am winning. Approval Rating 52%, 93% with Republicans. Sorry!  #MAGA
It’s truly incredible that shows like Saturday Night Live, not funny/no talent, can spend all of their time knocking the same person (me), over &amp, over, without so much of a mention of “the other side.” Like an advertisement without consequences. Same with Late Night Shows......
RT @realDonaldTrump: I’d like to thank all of the Great Republican Senators who bravely voted for Strong Border Security and the WALL. This...
RT @realDonaldTrump: .....THIS SHOULD NEVER HAPPEN TO A PRESIDENT AGAIN!
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....should never have been appointed and there should be no Mueller Report. This was an illegal &amp, conflicted investiga...
RT @realDonaldTrump: So, if there was knowingly &amp, acknowledged to be “zero” crime when the Special Counsel was appointed, and if the appoin...
RT @realDonaldTrump: “New evidence that the Obama era team of the FBI, DOJ &amp, CIA were working together to Spy on (and take out) President T...
How is the Paris Environmental Accord working out for France? After 18 weeks of rioting by the Yellow Vest Protesters, I guess not so well! In the meantime, the United States has gone to the top of all lists on the Environment.
Google is helping China and their military, but not the U.S. Terrible! The good news is that they helped Crooked Hillary Clinton, and not Trump....and how did that turn out?
Because the economy is so good, General Motors must get their Lordstown, Ohio, plant open, maybe in a different form or with a new owner, FAST! Toyota is investing 13.5 $Billion in U.S., others likewise. G.M. MUST ACT QUICKLY. Time is of the essence!
Spreading the fake and totally discredited Dossier “is unfortunately a very dark stain against John McCain.” Ken Starr, Former Independent Counsel. He had far worse “stains” than this, including thumbs down on repeal and replace after years of campaigning to repeal and replace!
This is a National Emergency...https://t.co/AAKBuNW2ro
"RT @WhiteHouse: Sheriff Hodgson: ""Mr. President, you have stood up and you’ve taken the action. And the American people are behind you and..."
"RT @WhiteHouse: Sheriff Louderback: ""The sheriffs and men and women of law enforcement in this room and across this nation owe you a debt o..."
RT @WhiteHouse: Attorney General Bill Barr: “The crisis that we’re dealing with today is right on our door step and it presents a real clea...
Mark Morgan, Former Border Patrol Chief with great experience in Law Enforcement, really understands the subjects of Immigration and the Border. Thank you Mark!  @foxandfriends
https://t.co/WQThgHWcg4
Veto Message to the House of Representatives for H.J. Res. 46: https://t.co/9Z5JHAUv6N https://t.co/lA4RSYTZo0
https://t.co/oCPqP4v1fH
On the recent non-binding vote (420-0) in Congress about releasing the Mueller Report, I told leadership to let all Republicans vote for transparency. Makes us all look good and doesn’t matter. Play along with the game!
https://t.co/lopau8H33l
https://t.co/B6NgsZuJdy
Just spoke w/ @GovRicketts. The people of Nebraska &amp, across the Midwest, especially the Farmers &amp, Ranchers, are feeling the impacts from severe weather. The first responders &amp, emergency response teams have done a great job dealing w/ record flooding, high winds, &amp, road closures.
https://t.co/tEgQFkcMs1
....that we stand in solidarity with New Zealand – and that any assistance the U.S.A. can give, we stand by ready to help. We love you New Zealand!
Just spoke with Jacinda Ardern, the Prime Minister of New Zealand, regarding the horrific events that have taken place over the past 24 hours. I informed the Prime Minister....
I’d like to thank all of the Great Republican Senators who bravely voted for Strong Border Security and the WALL. This will help stop Crime, Human Trafficking, and Drugs entering our Country. Watch, when you get back to your State, they will LOVE you more than ever before!
.....THIS SHOULD NEVER HAPPEN TO A PRESIDENT AGAIN!
....should never have been appointed and there should be no Mueller Report. This was an illegal &amp, conflicted investigation in search of a crime. Russian Collusion was nothing more than an excuse by the Democrats for losing an Election that they thought they were going to win.....
So, if there was knowingly &amp, acknowledged to be “zero” crime when the Special Counsel was appointed, and if the appointment was made based on the Fake Dossier (paid for by Crooked Hillary) and now disgraced Andrew McCabe (he &amp, all stated no crime), then the Special Counsel.......
“New evidence that the Obama era team of the FBI, DOJ &amp, CIA were working together to Spy on (and take out) President Trump, all the way back in 2015.” A transcript of Peter Strzok’s testimony is devastating. Hopefully the Mueller Report will be covering this. @OANN @foxandfriends
The ‘Jexodus’ movement encourages Jewish people to leave the Democrat Party. Total disrespect! Republicans are waiting with open arms. Remember Jerusalem (U.S. Embassy) and the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal! @OANN  @foxandfriends
My warmest sympathy and best wishes goes out to the people of New Zealand after the horrible massacre in the Mosques. 49 innocent people have so senselessly died, with so many more seriously injured. The U.S. stands by New Zealand for anything we can do. God bless all!
Breitbart News Network https://t.co/HdGfwuASWC via @BreitbartNews
https://t.co/884dpZi52P
I look forward to VETOING the just passed Democrat inspired Resolution which would OPEN BORDERS while increasing Crime, Drugs, and Trafficking in our Country. I thank all of the Strong Republicans who voted to support Border Security and our desperately needed WALL!
VETO!
Congratulations @Toyota! BIG NEWS for U.S. Auto Workers! The USMCA is already fixing the broken NAFTA deal. https://t.co/f9iHprPk5B
A vote for today’s resolution by Republican Senators is a vote for Nancy Pelosi, Crime, and the Open Border Democrats!
....If, at a later date, Congress wants to update the law, I will support those efforts, but today’s issue is BORDER SECURITY and Crime!!! Don’t vote with Pelosi!
Prominent legal scholars agree that our actions to address the National Emergency at the Southern Border and to protect the American people are both CONSTITUTIONAL and EXPRESSLY authorized by Congress....
Happy National Ag Day! https://t.co/hNkOh0TqvW
The three very weak and untalented late night “hosts” are “fighting over table scraps. Carson did a great job, it wasn’t political. I don’t know what they’re going to do in 2024 when he’s no longer President?  Will be wacky in the unemployment line.” Michael Loftus @foxandfriends
The Democrats are “Border Deniers.” They refuse to see or acknowledge the Death, Crime, Drugs and Human Trafficking at our Southern Border!
My Administration looks forward to negotiating a large scale Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. The potential is unlimited!
A big National Emergency vote today by The United States Senate on Border Security &amp, the Wall (which is already under major construction). I am prepared to veto, if necessary. The Southern Border is a National Security and Humanitarian Nightmare, but it can be easily fixed!
“Democrats are frantic to throw something else at the President. That’s why you saw those 81 subpoenas. It’s ridiculous. Just because your still upset over an election that happened 2 1/2 years ago, you should not be allowed to ruin people’s lives like this.” Lara Trump, @FoxNews
RT @WhiteHouse: January 16, 2019: 247 illegal migrants rush the border in New Mexico.This is a national emergency. https://t.co/I6tLEQkbnX
I agree with Rand Paul. This is a total disgrace and should NEVER happen to another President! https://t.co/czcUbee9x7
“The Lisa Page (FBI) transcript also confirms earlier reporting that Page testified Russian Collusion was still unproven when Special Counsel Robert Mueller was appointed.” Catherine Herridge, @FoxNews  In other words they appointed someone when there was (and is) no crime. Bad!
“Double Standard - Former FBI lawyer (Lisa Page) admits being told to go easy on Clinton.”  Very unfair!  @FoxNews
https://t.co/2qWkPuFDL6
Democrats will have a unanimous vote on a 20% issue in opposing Republican Senators tomorrow. The Dems are for Open Borders and Crime!
RT @GeraldoRivera: @SpeakerPelosi statements vs #Impeachment are refreshing &amp, conciliatory. Her conclusion that attempting to remove @realD...
RT @GeraldoRivera: As #RobertMueller approaches the end, interesting how little anti-Trumpers are invoking infamous #SteeleDossier the tabl...
RT @DiamondandSilk: AG Letitia James of New York is abusing her power by targeting the POTUS.  Using the Attorney General office as a weapo...
Comey testified (under oath) that it was a “unanimous” decision on Crooked Hillary. Lisa Page transcripts show he LIED. @jasoninthehouse
The Fake News photoshopped pictures of Melania, then propelled conspiracy theories that it’s actually not her by my side in Alabama and other places. They are only getting more deranged with time!
The just revealed FBI Agent Lisa Page transcripts make the Obama Justice Department look exactly like it was, a broken and corrupt machine. Hopefully, justice will finally be served. Much more to come!
Defying voters, the Governor of California will halt all death penalty executions of 737 stone cold killers. Friends and families of the always forgotten VICTIMS are not thrilled, and neither am I!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
“Jay Leno points out that comedy (on the very boring late night shows) is totally one-sided. It’s tough when there’s only one topic.” @foxandfriends  Actually, the one-sided hatred on these shows is incredible and for me, unwatchable. But remember, WE are number one - President!
....a man who is considered by many to be the President with the most successful first two years in history, especially when he has done nothing wrong and impeachment is for “high crimes and misdemeanors”?
I greatly appreciate Nancy Pelosi’s statement against impeachment, but everyone must remember the minor fact that I never did anything wrong, the Economy and Unemployment are the best ever, Military and Vets are great - and many other successes! How do you impeach....
So many records being set with respect to our Economy. Unemployment numbers among BEST EVER. A beautiful thing to watch!
All part of the Witch Hunt Hoax. Started by little Eric Schneiderman &amp, Cuomo. So many leaving New York! https://t.co/5HCCNFZXFN
All part of the Witch Hunt Hoax. Started by little Eric Schneiderman &amp, Coumo. So many leaving New York! https://t.co/5HCCNFZXFN
RT @GOP: The NY Attorney General called President Trump an “illegitimate president.” She has proven to have a vendetta against @realDonaldT...
RT @LindaSuhler: Dear God,Thank you for answering our prayers.A grateful Nation#GodBlessAmerica🇺🇸 #PresidentTrump #ElectionDay https://...
RT @Jim_Jordan: Why did @AdamSchiff try to block Congress from learning that the Clinton campaign paid for the Dossier?
RT @Jim_Jordan: Why did @AdamSchiff say that his talks with Michael Cohen were limited to inviting him and allaying any concerns about thre...
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Well done @SteveDaines! As we spoke about on the campaign trail and in hunting camp #publiclands is a big issue for us...
RT @Jim_Jordan: Why did @AdamSchiff fail to disclose that he met with Glenn Simpson (whose Dossier oppo research was funded by the Clinton...
RT @WhiteHouse: All across America, hardworking taxpayers balance their household budgets, find ways to do more with less, and still manage...
RT @IvankaTrump: - Labor force participation of prime-age females reached 76% in January, matching the highest rate since ‘03- Wages are...
RT @IvankaTrump: America’s economy is stronger than ever &amp, women in the workforce are thriving:- Female unemployment reached its       LOW...
RT @WhiteHouseCEA: Real average hourly earnings rose 1.9% during the past 12 months, well exceeding the 0.4% pace during the year-earlier p...
RT @VP: Thank you @CUNA for hosting me today!As I told their members: we’re asking every member of the US Senate: A vote against the Presi...
RT @dcexaminer: For the first time in his presidency, @realDonaldTrump flipped an appeals court to now have a majority of Republican-appoin...
RT @WhiteHouse: Today, President @realDonaldTrump signed the John D. Dingell, Jr. Conservation, Management, and Recreation Act, which prote...
RT @WhiteHouse: More good news today: “Real wages for American families are soaring,” says @WhiteHouseCEA. And along with those rising wage...
New York State and its Governor, Andrew Cuomo, are now proud members of the group of PRESIDENTIAL HARASSERS. No wonder people are fleeing the State in record numbers. The Witch Hunt continues!
RT @FLOTUS: While you may never personally become addicted, the chances of knowing someone who struggles with it are high. If you, or someo...
RT @TimRunsHisMouth: Democrats so far in 2019:✅Won't condemn anti-semitism in the House of Reps.✅Do nothing against a racist Governor w...
....needed, and the complexity creates danger. All of this for great cost yet very little gain. I don’t know about you, but I don’t want Albert Einstein to be my pilot. I want great flying professionals that are allowed to easily and quickly take control of a plane!
Airplanes are becoming far too complex to fly. Pilots are no longer needed, but rather computer scientists from MIT. I see it all the time in many products. Always seeking to go one unnecessary step further, when often old and simpler is far better. Split second decisions are....
Patrick Moore, co-founder of Greenpeace: “The whole climate crisis is not only Fake News, it’s Fake Science. There is no climate crisis, there’s weather and climate all around the world, and in fact carbon dioxide is the main building block of all life.” @foxandfriends  Wow!
“Jewish people are leaving the Democratic Party. We saw a lot of anti Israel policies start under the Obama Administration, and it got worsts &amp, worse. There is anti-Semitism in the Democratic Party. They don’t care about Israel or the Jewish people.” Elizabeth Pipko, Jexodus.
Republican Senators have a very easy vote this week. It is about Border Security and the Wall (stopping Crime, Drugs etc.), not Constitutionality and Precedent. It is an 80% positive issue. The Dems are 100% United, as usual, on a 20% issue, Open Borders and Crime. Get tough R’s!
RT @RepAndyBiggsAZ: Kate Steinle.Sarah Root.Grant Ronnebeck.We willl no longer be bystanders to these crimes committed by illegal alien...
RT @GOPChairwoman: .@realDonaldTrump made history by including a national paid family leave proposal in a presidential budget.This invest...
At a recent round table meeting of business executives, &amp, long after formally introducing Tim Cook of Apple, I quickly referred to Tim + Apple as Tim/Apple as an easy way to save time &amp, words. The Fake News was disparagingly all over this, &amp, it became yet another bad Trump story!
RT @ChuckRossDC: NEW: Dark money group gave $2 Million DEMOCRACY INTEGRITY PROJECT, the org that hired Fusion GPS and Chris Steele to bolst...
RT @TomFitton: BIG:@JudicialWatch Uncovers DOJ Docs Showing Numerous Bruce Ohr Communications with Clinton/DNC's Fusion GPS, Christopher St...
RT @USAmbIsrael: With @LindseyGrahamSC today touring a Gaza terror tunnel. Cost of tunnel = cost of 2 new schools = cost of 30 new homes. #...
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: Executive Business meeting this morning on judicial nominees in the @senjudiciary committee.WATCH:https://t.co/AAzW...
RT @senatemajldr: H.R.1 is a blatant power grab to give Washington bureaucrats control over what American citizens can say about politics,...
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: US Border Patrol says that after physical barriers were erected in San Diego and El Paso sectors, as well as Yum...
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: Even Mueller's case against Russia itself, for interfering in the 2016 election, is breaking down
RT @TomFitton: The real collusion scandal... why haven't Hillary Clinton and her lawyers been questioned about their collusion with Fusion...
RT @TomFitton: Top House Dem says Cohen likely to face DOJ perjury probe https://t.co/Xo1o4E6f5x #FoxNews
RT @TomFitton: .@RepAdamSchiff has another ethics scandal as a result of his and his staff colluding with Cohen on his testimony, which was...
“There’s not one shred of evidence that President Trump has done anything wrong.” @GrahamLedger One America News.  So true, a total Witch Hunt - All started illegally by Crooked Hillary Clinton, the DNC and others!
RT @paulsperry_: If Schiff wasn't coaching Cohen on how to go after Trump before his testimony and was just going over procedural issues, w...
More people are working today in the United States, 158,000,000, than at any time in our Country’s history. That is a Big Deal!
Despite the most hostile and corrupt media in the history of American politics, the Trump Administration has accomplished more in its first two years than any other Administration. Judges, biggest Tax &amp, Regulation Cuts, V.A. Choice, Best Economy, Lowest Unemployment &amp, much more!
"RT @WhiteHouse: “Public optimism in their personal economy has hit a 16-year high under President Trump.""“The job market doesn’t get much..."
RT @mike_pence: Great to be in Kentucky! I’m proud to stand with @MattBevin who is working tirelessly for the great people of the Bluegrass...
“Donald Trump’s Approval Rating is at or near his highest level ever. The media is not being honest about what is happening in this Country.” Jesse Watters
RT @TomFitton: .@JudicialWatch uncovers major Ohr-Steele-Fusion GPS collusion docs PLUS did Schiff conspire with Cohen to smear @RealDonald...
RT @WhiteHouse: Economic security is national security. That's the principle at work as President @realDonaldTrump helps our veterans tra...
RT @GOPChairwoman: Since the mainstream media doesn’t cover the booming @realDonaldTrump economy enough:-Wage growth just hit 3.4% – the...
Will soon be 145 Judges! https://t.co/LoTbT4RFJj
This is just the beginning! https://t.co/PYwFGVGUxX
The Witch Hunt continues! https://t.co/9W1iUgE0d6
....and renovated, with MUCH MORE to follow shortly. Tens of thousands of illegals are being apprehended (captured) at the Border and NOT allowed into our Country. With another President, millions would be pouring in. I am stopping an invasion as the Wall gets built. #MAGA
Wacky Nut Job @AnnCoulter, who still hasn’t figured out that, despite all odds and an entire Democrat Party of Far Left Radicals against me (not to mention certain Republicans who are sadly unwilling to fight), I am winning on the Border. Major sections of Wall are being built...
I hope the grandstanding Governor of California is able to spend his very highly taxed citizens money on asylum holds more efficiently than money has been spent on the so-called Fast Train, which is $Billions over budget &amp, in total disarray. Time to reduce taxes in California!
RT @dbongino: Is there anything that the Democrats stand for that aligns with American values anymore? Now that they’ve gone all-in on anti...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Before Michael Cohen's testimony last week, he and Adam Schiff met for TEN hours. But last Sunday, Schiff told CBS his...
RT @RepDanCrenshaw: Today I offered a motion to recommit #HR1 reaffirming that only US citizens should have the right to vote. Dems rejec...
Border Patrol and Law Enforcement has apprehended (captured) large numbers of illegal immigrants at the Border. They won’t be coming into the U.S. The Wall is being built and will greatly help us in the future, and now!
https://t.co/QUuEBfFo44
.@RepMikeTurner  “The only time that Michael Cohen told the truth is when he pled that he is guilty.”  Also when he said no collusion and I did not tell him to lie!”
RT @MSNBC: President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump view memorial crosses for the 23 people killed in the Alabama tornadoes. https://t....
Unimaginable loss - Such great people! https://t.co/AV9oi8XuaE
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you for your exemplary service to our nation Secretary Wilson! https://t.co/sYGLGmOT4X
RT @FLOTUS: Happy #InternationalWomensDay2019 https://t.co/MtecsanuEo
RT @IvankaTrump: Happy International Women’s Day! #IWD2019 #WGDP @USAID @WhiteHouse https://t.co/DOX6vGeCZd
RT @marklevinshow: Victor Davis Hanson is on next. His new book, the Case for Trump, is out now! https://t.co/u8JLoroBca
RT @marklevinshow: Ron DeSantis, America’s governor https://t.co/WmJ9yC922a
RT @cvpayne: Jobs Report:  Most Important HighlightNon-Supervisory Wages continue to surge and outpace overall wage increasesThis is amaz...
RT @LouDobbs: Radical Dimms embarrass themselves:  Debate over anti-Semitism charges exposes divide in Democratic Party. https://t.co/xm4SD...
RT @LouDobbs: #AmericaFirst – @marc_lotter: Democrats couldn’t condemn anti-semitism. That’s because the radical, left-wing socialists have...
RT @TomFitton: .@JudicialWatch exposed that Clinton operation and FBI paying Steele at the same time here:  https://t.co/fICH35a59c https:/...
RT @TomFitton: NEW: Cohen Testimony is Abuse of @RealDonaldTrump: Deep State Abuse and Leaks Targets Trump Family/WH On Security Clearances...
Sessions didn’t have a clue! https://t.co/XlLpnINOBv
Aluminum prices are down 12% since I instituted Tariffs on Aluminum Dumping - and the U.S. will be taking in Billions, plus jobs. Nice!
"RT @paulsperry_: Cohen claimed his shady father-in-law's ""in the clothing business"" when in fact he's loan shark in same taxicab medallion..."
"RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: Democratic Rep. Jerry ""Joe McCarthy"" Nadler, who just yesterday declared that Trump obstructed justice, just now..."
RT @paulsperry_: Despite running informants/stings on Trump camp, electronically spying for yr,unmasking NSA intercepts, rummaging thru Tru...
RT @paulsperry_: Glenn Simpson &amp, Christopher Steele r 2 of biggest villains in Russia collusion hoax, yet neither has faced serious scrutin...
"RT @paulsperry_: Now that even some MSM acknowledging there never was a ""collusion"" scandal, when will MSM start investigating the real sca..."
RT @IvankaTrump: We have reached 6,577,623 pledged new career opportunities, apprenticeships, continuing education and on-the-job training...
....as Secretary of the Air Force, and I know she will be equally great in the very important world of higher education. A strong thank you to Heather for her service.
Congratulations to Heather Wilson, who is the sole finalist to become the next President of University of Texas at El Paso effective September 1, 2019. Heather has done an absolutely fantastic job...
Bad lawyer and fraudster Michael Cohen said under sworn testimony that he never asked for a Pardon. His lawyers totally contradicted him. He lied! Additionally, he directly asked me for a pardon. I said NO. He lied again! He also badly wanted to work at the White House. He lied!
Heading now to the Great State of Alabama!
“Andrew McCabe gave absolutely no evidence of any threat to substantiate his ABSURD claim.” @LouDobbs
On International Women’s Day, we honor women worldwide for their vital role in shaping and strengthening our communities, families, governments, and businesses...https://t.co/VVnkuBPmhA
Women’s unemployment rate is down to 3.6% - was 7.9% in January, 2011. Things are looking good!
We are apprehending record numbers of illegal immigrants - but we need the Wall to help our great Border Patrol Agents!
“This is as good a time as I can remember to be an American Worker. We have the strongest economy in the world.”  Stuart Varney @foxandfriends  So true!
Both the Judge and the lawyer in the Paul Manafort case stated loudly and for the world to hear that there was NO COLLUSION with Russia. But the Witch Hunt Hoax continues as you now add these statements to House &amp, Senate Intelligence &amp, Senator Burr. So bad for our Country!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
I cannot believe the level of dishonesty in the media. It is totally out of control, but we are winning!
Thank you @foxandfriends. Great show!
The Wall is being built and is well under construction. Big impact will be made. Many additional contracts are close to being signed. Far ahead of schedule despite all of the Democrat Obstruction and Fake News!
Breaking News @MSNBC: “Cohen’s lawyer contradicts Cohen’s testimony about never seeking a Presidential Pardon.”
We are on track to APPREHEND more than one million people coming across the Southern Border this year. Great job by Border Patrol (and others) who are working in a Broken System. Can be fixed by Congress so easily and quickly if only the Democrats would get on board!
It was not a campaign contribution, and there were no violations of the campaign finance laws by me. Fake News!
Democrats just blocked @FoxNews from holding a debate. Good, then I think I’ll do the same thing with the Fake News Networks and the Radical Left Democrats in the General Election debates!
Wall Street Journal: “More migrant families crossing into the U.S. illegally have been arrested in the first five months of the federal fiscal year than in any prior full year.” We are doing a great job at the border, but this is a National Emergency!
Congressman Chris Stewart: “No one is accusing the President of a crime and yet they (the Democrats) are issuing hundreds of subpoenas. This is unprecedented.” They are desperately trying to find anything they can, even a punctuation mistake in a document!
American Workforce Policy Advisory Board Meeting at the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/izb2tTrINB
It is shameful that House Democrats won’t take a stronger stand against Anti-Semitism in their conference. Anti-Semitism has fueled atrocities throughout history and it’s inconceivable they will not act to condemn it!
Senate Republicans are not voting on constitutionality or precedent, they are voting on desperately needed Border Security &amp, the Wall. Our Country is being invaded with Drugs, Human Traffickers, &amp, Criminals of all shapes and sizes. That’s what this vote is all about. STAY UNITED!
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Jim Jordan: No evidence of Trump colluding with Russia, but 'all kinds' showing Clinton campaign did https://t.co/XR2hU...
Weirdo Tom Steyer doesn’t have the “guts” or money to run for President. He’s all talk! https://t.co/klmVsCmeNE
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Weird that all of a sudden the Fake Dossier author (paid for by Hillary and the DNC etc) no longe wants to show up and...
RT @IngrahamAngle: Tune in tonight for blockbuster analysis of the Dems’ colossally stupid decision to overreach with overbroad subpoenas.....
Hans Von Spakovsky, “I haven’t seen any evidence of actual violations of the law, which is usually a basis before you start an investigation. Adam Schiff seems to be copying Joseph McCarthy in wanting to open up investigations when they don’t have any evidence of wrongdoing.”
"RT @Uncle_Jimbo: .@JerryNadler admits on #CNN they have no proof of Obstruction by @realDonaldTrump it's just his ""personal opinion""Meet..."
Presidential Harassment! https://t.co/AHz6kLliaC
RT @GOPChairwoman: While @realDonaldTrump was successful in the private sector, career politicians enrich themselves by spending decades in...
RT @PressSec: Statement on Chairman Nadler’s fishing expedition. https://t.co/tBsVzrtGYg
“(Crooked) Hillary Clinton confirms she will not run in 2020, rules out a third bid for White House.” Aw-shucks, does that mean I won’t get to run against her again? She will be sorely missed!
....Scott has helped us to lower drug prices, get a record number of generic drugs approved and onto the market, and so many other things. He and his talents will be greatly missed!
Scott Gottlieb, who has done an absolutely terrific job as Commissioner of the FDA, plans to leave government service sometime next month....
Just a few moments ago, I signed an EO addressing one of our nation’s most heartbreaking tragedies: VETERANS SUICIDE. To every Veteran—I want you to know that you have an entire nation of more than 300 million people behind you. You will NEVER be forgotten.https://t.co/DKxiV5Ku3B
https://t.co/ruL7Ctpdak
Our great First Lady (@FLOTUS) will be doing a LIVE show TODAY at 1:00 PM PT with the terrific @EricBolling at the @WestgateVegas Resort. She’s on her #BeBest Tour, helping address the #OpioidCrisis. Free admission for the first 1,500 people!
Republican Approval Rating just hit 93%. Sorry Haters! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
The greatest overreach in the history of our Country. The Dems are obstructing justice and will not get anything done. A big, fat, fishing expedition desperately in search of a crime, when in fact the real crime is what the Dems are doing, and have done!
“HIV Is Cured In 2nd Patient, Doctors Report.” @nytimes  Such great news for so many. Tremendous progress being made!
Now that they realize the only Collusion with Russia was done by Crooked Hillary Clinton &amp, the Democrats, Nadler, Schiff and the Dem heads of the Committees have gone stone cold CRAZY. 81 letter sent to innocent people to harass them. They won’t get ANYTHING done for our Country!
@StarParker is indeed a “Star!” Thank you. Center for Urban Renewal &amp, Ed. @JesseBWatters @LauraIngram
Representative Ilhan Omar is again under fire for her terrible comments concerning Israel. Jewish groups have just sent a petition to Speaker Pelosi asking her to remove Omar from Foreign Relations Committee. A dark day for Israel!
“We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCarthyism....which is the widest fishing net expedition....every aspect of the presidents life....all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism.” @seanhannity
“We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCathyism....which is the widest fishing net expedition....every aspect of the presidents life....all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism.” @seanhannity
RT @JudicialWatch: Right now, our borders are being used as gateways for drug cartels &amp, violent criminals – each day adding to the millions...
.... Amazon, like the Washington Post. It’s hard to remember that not so long ago America had prestige media outlets, but not anymore.” @TuckerCarlson   The Fake News Media is the true Enemy of the People!
“The American Media has changed forever. News organizations that seemed like a big deal are now extinct.  Those that remain have now degraded themselves beyond recognition, like the New Yorker - or they’ve been purchased by Jeff Bezos to conduct unregistered lobbying for.........
Presidential Harassment! https://t.co/2Cz5ckERcs
"RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump's message to those affected by the tornadoes in the Gulf states: ""We grieve by your side and we pledge our..."
“There is no Collusion. All of these investigations are in search of a crime. Democrats have no evidence to impeach President Trump. Ridiculous!” @DevinNunes @FoxNews
"RT @dcexaminer: Pence says President Trump has ""no higher priority than the safety of the American people."" #CPAC2019 https://t.co/fmBGjTBC..."
“Now that the Dems are going to try &amp, switch from Collusion to some other reason, it makes them continue to look like sore losers who didn’t accept the WILL OF THE PEOPLE in the last election - they will do anything to get rid of the President.” @AriFleischer It will never work!
The military drills, or war games as I call them, were never even discussed in my mtg w/ Kim Jong Un of NK—FAKE NEWS! I made that decision long ago because it costs the U.S. far too much money to have those “games”, especially since we are not reimbursed for the tremendous cost!
FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes. @GovernorKayIvey, one of the best in our Country, has been so informed. She is working closely with FEMA (and me!).
FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes. @GovIvey, one of the best in our Country, has been so informed. She is working closely with FEMA (and me!).
To the great people of Alabama and surrounding areas: Please be careful and safe. Tornadoes and storms were truly violent and more could be coming. To the families and friends of the victims, and to the injured, God bless you all!
And also illegally leaking to Fake News CNN &amp, others? https://t.co/GAItdhWniB
Schumer &amp, the Democrats are hurting our Country. Senate Republicans must take BOLD ACTION! https://t.co/QFqCaYmVPJ
RT @MZHemingway: Man, conservatives haven’t been this united on Twitter since the Kavanaugh confirmation!
RT @ChatByCC: @realDonaldTrump President Trump made America great again! #MAGA Now it’s up to us to help him keep America great. #KAG#T...
RT @rcale1776: Jon Stewart “Listen up everybody, the Trump Justice Dept is doing an excellent job administrating the 911 compensation act”...
For the Democrats to interview in open hearings a convicted liar &amp, fraudster, at the same time as the very important Nuclear Summit with North Korea, is perhaps a new low in American politics and may have contributed to the “walk.” Never done when a president is overseas. Shame!
....President. We are WINNING big, the envy of the WORLD, but just think what it could be?
Presidential Harassment by “crazed” Democrats at the highest level in the history of our Country. Likewise, the most vicious and corrupt Mainstream Media that any president has ever had to endure - Yet the most successful first two years for any
The reason I do not want military drills with South Korea is to save hundreds of millions of dollars for the U.S. for which we are not reimbursed. That was my position long before I became President. Also, reducing tensions with North Korea at this time is a good thing!
My wonderful daughter, Ivanka, will be interviewed tonight by Steve Hilton on “The Next Revolution.” @FoxNews 9:00 P.M. She works so hard and has achieved so much for the U.S.A.(and gets so little credit!). Then watch Mark Levin at 10:00 P.M., a great show!
“Look how they’re acting now and how we act when we’re in the majority. What the Democrats are doing is an abuse of power. They couldn’t find anything...they took a Fake Dossier &amp, couldn’t find any Collusion. Now they have a fake witness in Cohen.” Congressman Mark Green, (R-TN).
After more than two years of Presidential Harassment, the only things that have been proven is that Democrats and other broke the law. The hostile Cohen testimony, given by a liar to reduce his prison time, proved no Collusion! His just written book manuscript showed what he.....
...said was a total lie, but Fake Media won’t show it. I am an innocent man being persecuted by some very bad, conflicted &amp, corrupt people in a Witch Hunt that is illegal &amp, should never have been allowed to start - And only because I won the Election! Despite this, great success!
https://t.co/PTLqvZNwqY
We’ve got NASA “rocking” again. Great activity and success. Congrats to SPACEX and all!
The brand new manuscript for a new book by failed lawyer Michael Cohen shows his testimony was a total lie! Pundits should only use it.
Virtually everything failed lawyer Michael Cohen said in his sworn testimony last week is totally contradicted in his just released manuscript for a book about me. It’s a total new love letter to “Trump” and the pols must now use it rather than his lies for sentence reduction!
Thank you @marklevinshow!https://t.co/dwQR11genG
@TeamCavuto  It was a 3 day train ride to Vietnam, not 3 hours!
RT @realDonaldTrump: 93% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 52% Approval Rating overall! Not bad considering I get the most unfair (B...
RT @realDonaldTrump: I hope our great Republican Senators don’t get led down the path of weak and ineffective Border Security. Without stro...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Since my election as President the Dow Jones is up 43% and the NASDAQ Composite almost 50%. Great news for your 401(k)...
Dear Diary... https://t.co/NAuMaQW6fl
RT @TeamTrump: Get your OFFICIAL campaign merchandise @ https://t.co/avCW7TGIn1 or, if you’re at @CPAC, check out our Official booth!” #Tea...
Will be speaking at CPAC at 11:30 this morning. Record crowd, live broadcast. Enjoy!
Very proud of perhaps the greatest golf course anywhere in the world. Also, furthers U.K. relationship! https://t.co/3xTzzJH6Iq
....and I did not increase their second traunch of Tariffs to 25% on March 1st. This is very important for our great farmers - and me!
I have asked China to immediately remove all Tariffs on our agricultural products (including beef, pork, etc.) based on the fact that we are moving along nicely with Trade discussions....
....for Otto’s mistreatment and death. Most important, Otto Warmbier will not have died in vain. Otto and his family have become a tremendous symbol of strong passion and strength, which will last for many years into the future. I love Otto and think of him often!
I never like being misinterpreted, but especially when it comes to Otto Warmbier and his great family. Remember, I got Otto out along with three others. The previous Administration did nothing, and he was taken on their watch. Of course I hold North Korea responsible....
Michael Cohen’s book manuscript shows that he committed perjury on a scale not seen before. He must have forgotten about his book when he testified. What does Hillary Clinton’s lawyer, Lanny Davis, say about this one. Is he being paid by Crooked Hillary. Using her lawyer?
...and the fraudulent and dishonest statements he made on Wednesday. No way, it’s time to stop this corrupt and illegally brought Witch Hunt. Time to start looking at the other side where real crimes were committed. Republicans have been abused long enough. Must end now!
Oh’ I see! Now that the 2 year Russian Collusion case has fallen apart, there was no Collusion except bye Crooked Hillary and the Democrats, they say, “gee, I have an idea, let’s look at Trump’s finances and every deal he has ever done. Let’s follow discredited Michael Cohen.....
Congress must demand the transcript of Michael Cohen’s new book, given to publishers a short time ago. Your heads will spin when you see the lies, misrepresentations and contradictions  against his Thursday testimony. Like a different person! He is totally discredited!
Wow, just revealed that Michael Cohen wrote a “love letter to Trump” manuscript for a new book that he was pushing. Written and submitted long after Charlottesville and Helsinki, his phony reasons for going rogue. Book is exact opposite of his fake testimony, which now is a lie!
Great to be back from Vietnam, an amazing place. We had very substantive negotiations with Kim Jong Un - we know what they want and they know what we must have. Relationship very good, let’s see what happens!
Today in Alaska, it was my great honor to visit with our brave men and women of the United States Military at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson. We are forever grateful for their service and sacrifice. THANK YOU! https://t.co/4REVxKUsHT
https://t.co/ywNk8EhOh0
https://t.co/hUK9dSBM3M
I will be interviewed by @seanhannity at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
Everyone MUST watch the opening to @TuckerCarlson - A Classic! @foxnews
THANK YOU to our generous hosts in Hanoi this week: President Trong, Prime Minister Phuc, and the wonderful people of Vietnam! https://t.co/AMqF0dfRhP
RT @StateDept: President @realDonaldTrump and @SecPompeo participate in a Press Conference in Hanoi, Vietnam, on February 28, 2019. https:/...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Michael Cohen was one of many lawyers who represented me (unfortunately). He had other clients also. He was just disba...
Great meeting and dinner with Kim Jong Un in Hanoi, Vietnam tonight. Looking forward to continuing our discussions tomorrow! #HanoiSummit https://t.co/J3x6lUGzjS
Great meetings and dinner tonight in Vietnam with Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Very good dialogue. Resuming tomorrow!
RT @WhiteHouse: https://t.co/Wo4C4hsP43
RT @WhiteHouse: https://t.co/t6egb4Neir
All false reporting (guessing) on my intentions with respect to North Korea. Kim Jong Un and I will try very hard to work something out on Denuclearization &amp, then making North Korea an Economic Powerhouse. I believe that China, Russia, Japan &amp, South Korea will be very helpful!
Fiat Chrysler will be adding more than 6,500 JOBS in Michigan (Detroit area), doubling its hourly workforce as part of a 4.5 Billion Dollar investment. Thank you Fiat Chrysler. They are all coming back to the USA, it’s where the action is!
Michael Cohen was one of many lawyers who represented me (unfortunately). He had other clients also. He was just disbarred by the State Supreme Court for lying &amp, fraud. He did bad things unrelated to Trump. He is lying in order to reduce his prison time. Using Crooked’s lawyer!
I have now spent more time in Vietnam than Da Nang Dick Blumenthal, the third rate Senator from Connecticut (how is Connecticut doing?). His war stories of his heroism in Vietnam were a total fraud - he was never even there. We talked about it today with Vietnamese leaders!
RT @IvankaTrump: No I did not. I support a minimum wage. I do not however believe in a minimum guarantee for people “unwilling to work” whi...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Senate Democrats just voted against legislation to prevent the killing of newborn infant children. The Democrat positi...
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....This will be remembered as one of the most shocking votes in the history of Congress. If there is one thing we sho...
The Democrats should stop talking about what I should do with North Korea and ask themselves instead why they didn’t do “it” during eight years of the Obama Administration?
Vietnam is thriving like few places on earth. North Korea would be the same, and very quickly, if it would denuclearize. The potential is AWESOME, a great opportunity, like almost none other in history, for my friend Kim Jong Un. We will know fairly soon - Very Interesting!
Just arrived in Vietnam. Thank you to all of the people for the great reception in Hanoi. Tremendous crowds, and so much love!
....This will be remembered as one of the most shocking votes in the history of Congress. If there is one thing we should all agree on, it’s protecting the lives of innocent babies.
Senate Democrats just voted against legislation to prevent the killing of newborn infant children. The Democrat position on abortion is now so extreme that they don’t mind executing babies AFTER birth....
If a deal is made with China, our great American Farmers will be treated better than they have ever been treated before!
Heading over to Vietnam for my meeting with Kim Jong Un. Looking forward to a very productive Summit!
China Trade Deal (and more) in advanced stages. Relationship between our two Countries is very strong. I have therefore agreed to delay U.S. tariff hikes. Let’s see what happens?
...our foreign partners. Recovering American hostages is a priority of my Admin, and with Danny’s release, we have now secured freedom for 20 American captives since my election victory. We will not rest as we continue our work to bring the remaining American hostages back home!
...Danny’s recovery reflects the best of what the United States &amp, its partners can accomplish.We work every day to bring Americans home. We maintain constant and intensive diplomatic, intelligence, and law enforcement cooperation within the United States Government and with...
It is my honor today to announce that Danny Burch, a United States citizen who has been held hostage in Yemen for 18 months, has been recovered and reunited with his wife and children. I appreciate the support of the United Arab Emirates in bringing Danny home...
Congratulations to @DJohnsonPGA on his 20th PGA Tour WIN. Not only is Dustin a truly great golfer, he is a wonderful guy. Big year ahead for Dustin!
Since my election as President the Dow Jones is up 43% and the NASDAQ Composite almost 50%. Great news for your 401(k)s as they continue to grow. We are bringing back America faster than anyone thought possible!
“Why on earth would any Republican vote not to put up a Wall or against Border Security. Please explain that to me?” @Varneyco
I hope our great Republican Senators don’t get led down the path of weak and ineffective Border Security. Without strong Borders, we don’t have a Country - and the voters are on board with us. Be strong and smart, don’t fall into the Democrats “trap” of Open Borders and Crime!
Former Senator Harry Reid (he got thrown out) is working hard to put a good spin on his failed career. He led through lies and deception, only to be replaced by another beauty, Cryin’ Chuck Schumer. Some things just never change!
Meeting for breakfast with our Nation’s Governors - then off to Vietnam for a very important Summit with Kim Jong Un. With complete Denuclearization, North Korea will rapidly become an Economic Powerhouse. Without it, just more of the same. Chairman Kim will make a wise decision!
RT @realDonaldTrump: So funny to watch people who have failed for years, they got NOTHING, telling me how to negotiate with North Korea. Bu...
RT @IvankaTrump: This Admin is committed to ensuring more Americans have the skills needed to secure better jobs in our strong economy.  I...
Oil prices getting too high. OPEC, please relax and take it easy. World cannot take a price hike - fragile!
Be nice if Spike Lee could read his notes, or better yet not have to use notes at all, when doing his racist hit on your President, who has done more for African Americans (Criminal Justice Reform, Lowest Unemployment numbers in History, Tax Cuts,etc.) than almost any other Pres!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Highly respected Senator Richard Burr, head of Senate Intelligence, said, after interviewing over 200 witnesses and st...
We have a State of Emergency at our Southern Border. Border Patrol, our Military and local Law Enforcement are doing a great job, but without the Wall, which is now under major construction, you cannot have Border Security. Drugs, Gangs and Human Trafficking must be stopped!
....productive talks, I will be delaying the U.S. increase in tariffs now scheduled for March 1. Assuming both sides make additional progress, we will be planning a Summit for President Xi and myself, at Mar-a-Lago, to conclude an agreement. A very good weekend for U.S. &amp, China!
I am pleased to report that the U.S. has made substantial progress in our trade talks with China on important structural issues including intellectual property protection, technology transfer, agriculture, services, currency, and many other issues. As a result of these very......
So funny to watch people who have failed for years, they got NOTHING, telling me how to negotiate with North Korea. But thanks anyway!
The only Collusion with the Russians was with Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee...And, where’s the Server that the DNC refused to give to the FBI?  Where are the new Texts between Agent Lisa Page and her Agent lover, Peter S? We want them now!
93% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 52% Approval Rating overall! Not bad considering I get the most unfair (BAD) press in the history of presidential politics! And don’t forget the Witch Hunt!
Poll: Suburban women are coming back into the Republican Party in droves “because of the Wall and Border Security. 70% support Border Security and the Wall.” Not believing the Walls are immoral line. Beverly Hallberg, Independent Women’s Forum @KatiePavlich  A great USA issue!
Chairman Kim realizes, perhaps better than anyone else, that without nuclear weapons, his country could fast become one of the great economic powers anywhere in the World. Because of its location and people (and him), it has more potential for rapid growth than any other nation!
President Xi of China has been very helpful in his support of my meeting with Kim Jong Un. The last thing China wants are large scale nuclear weapons right next door. Sanctions placed on the border by China and Russia have been very helpful. Great relationship with Chairman Kim!
Very productive talks yesterday with China on Trade. Will continue today! I will be leaving for Hanoi, Vietnam, early tomorrow for a Summit with Kim Jong Un of North Korea, where we both expect a continuation of the progress made at first Summit in Singapore. Denuclearization?
HOLD THE DATE! We will be having one of the biggest gatherings in the history of Washington, D.C., on July 4th. It will be called “A Salute To America” and will be held at the Lincoln Memorial. Major fireworks display, entertainment and an address by your favorite President, me!
RT @seanhannity: **REPORT: “China is proposing that it could buy an additional $30 billion a year of U.S. agricultural products including s...
RT @CortesSteve: Was wonderful to meet so many inspiring young patriots last night when I spoke to the ⁦@TPUSA⁩ Latino conference! ⁦@char...
RT @TomFitton: MASSIVE @JudicialWatch Update:  Lawsuit to Expose Coup Against @RealDonaldTrump, Another FBI Cover-up of potential Clinton e...
RT @PressSec: President @realDonaldTrump delivers more great news for our farmers. https://t.co/ACq0ujTFTS
RT @GOPChairwoman: Drug trafficking at our southern border has exploded.CBP seized nearly 5X as much methamphetamine in 2018 than it did...
RT @LouDobbs: #AmericaFirst –@CLewandowski_ :The media doesn’t want to give @realDonaldTrump the credit for once again exerting American do...
So great being with you both in the Oval Office! https://t.co/9VoIV3NahE
RT @GOPChairwoman: Thank you @RonaldWeiser for serving the @MIGOP well and congratulations to my friend and new @MIGOPChair Laura Cox!  I...
“There’s not one shred of evidence that this president’s done anything Constitutionally (or anything else) wrong.” Graham Ledger.  Thank you Graham, so true!
The people of Venezuela stand at the threshold of history, ready to reclaim their country – and their future.... https://t.co/ajxd1EN64c
RT @USMC: 74 years ago today, Marines on Iwo Jima raised the flag atop Mount Suribachi.Semper Fidelis. https://t.co/UsQ2z344Xp
There is far more ENERGY on the Right than there is on the Left. That’s why we just won the Senate and why we will win big in 2020. The Fake News just doesn’t want to report the facts. Border Security is a big factor. The under construction Wall will stop Gangs, Drugs and Crime!
God Bless the people of Venezuela!
Great new book: “The Case For Trump” by Victor Davis Hanson, Hoover Senior Fellow.
....Kelly has done an outstanding job representing our Nation and I have no doubt that, under her leadership, our Country will be represented at the highest level. Congratulations to Kelly and her entire family!
I am pleased to announce that Kelly Knight Craft, our current Ambassador to Canada, is being nominated to be United States Ambassador to the United Nations....
RT @SecretarySonny: BREAKING: In Oval Office meeting today, the Chinese committed to buy an additional 10 million metric tons of U.S. soybe...
A must read by @KimStrassel! https://t.co/Gfyrfpy55b
Fake News is so bad for our Country! https://t.co/ZwA8E0URer
Highly respected Senator Richard Burr, head of Senate Intelligence, said, after interviewing over 200 witnesses and studying over 2 million pages of documents, “WE HAVE FOUND NO COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA.” The Witch Hunt, so bad for our Country, must end!
RT @FLOTUS: Wonderful evening at @WhiteHouse celebrating #AfricanAmericanHistoryMonth! https://t.co/ZBJop8kxTY
We are here to honor the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to every aspect of American Life, History and Culture. From the earliest days of this Nation, African-American Leaders, Pioneers, &amp, Visionaries have uplifted &amp, inspired our Country...https://t.co/VuFLkfd12j
Senator John Cornyn has done an outstanding job for the people of Texas. He is strong on Crime, the Border, the Second Amendment and loves our Military and Vets. John has my complete and total endorsement. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
.@JussieSmollett - what about MAGA and the tens of millions of people you insulted with your racist and dangerous comments!? #MAGA
THE WALL IS UNDER CONSTRUCTION RIGHT NOW! https://t.co/exUJCiITsz
....something that is so obviously the future. I want the United States to win through competition, not by blocking out currently more advanced technologies. We must always be the leader in everything we do, especially when it comes to the very exciting world of technology!
I want 5G, and even 6G, technology in the United States as soon as possible. It is far more powerful, faster, and smarter than the current standard. American companies must step up their efforts, or get left behind. There is no reason that we should be lagging behind on.........
I have instructed Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, and he fully agrees, not to allow Hoda Muthana back into the Country!
We have just built this powerful Wall in New Mexico. Completed on January 30, 2019 – 47 days ahead of schedule! Many miles more now under construction! #FinishTheWall https://t.co/TYkj3KRdOC
California now wants to scale back their already failed “fast train” project by substantially shortening the distance so that it no longer goes from L.A. to San Francisco. A different deal and record cost overruns. Send the Federal Government back the Billions of Dollars WASTED!
The New York Times reporting is false. They are a true ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
“If thinking that James Comey is not a good FBI Director is tantamount to being an agent of Russia, than just list all the people that are agents of Russia - Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, Rod Rosenstein who wrote the memo to get rid of Comey, the Inspector General....” Trey Gowdy
“The Washington Post ignored basic journalistic standards because it wanted to advance its well-known and easily documented biased agenda against President Donald J. Trump.” Covington student suing WAPO. Go get them Nick. Fake News!
The Press has never been more dishonest than it is today. Stories are written that have absolutely no basis in fact. The writers don’t even call asking for verification. They are totally out of control. Sadly, I kept many of them in business. In six years, they all go BUST!
Crazy Bernie has just entered the race. I wish him well!
RT @GeraldoRivera: This is crazy scary. A cabal of unelected bureaucrats-angered &amp, upset that @realDonaldTrump fired their boss-whispered a...
https://t.co/xRbxknI4Nf
I never said anything bad about Andrew McCabe’s wife other than she (they) should not have taken large amounts of campaign money from a Crooked Hillary source when Clinton was under investigation by the FBI. I never called his wife a loser to him (another McCabe made up lie)!
The Washington Post is a Fact Checker only for the Democrats. For the Republicans, and for your all time favorite President, it is a Fake Fact Checker!
The failed Fast Train project in California, where the cost overruns are becoming world record setting, is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall!
As I predicted, 16 states, led mostly by Open Border Democrats and the Radical Left, have filed a lawsuit in, of course, the 9th Circuit! California, the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control Fast Train, with no hope of completion, seems in charge!
The failed Fast Train project in California, were the cost overruns are becoming world record setting, is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall!
As I predicted, 16 cities, led mostly by Open Border Democrats and the Radical Left, have filed a lawsuit in, of course, the 9th Circuit! California, the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control Fast Train, with no hope of completion, seems in charge!
Had the opposition party (no, not the Media) won the election, the Stock Market would be down at least 10,000 points by now. We are heading up, up, up!
“....(The Witch Hunt) in time likely will become recognized as the greatest scandal in American political history, marking the first occasion in which the U.S. government bureaucrats sought to overturn an election (presidential)!” Victor Davis Hanson  And got caught! @FoxNews
Remember this, Andrew McCabe didn’t go to the bathroom without the approval of Leakin’ James Comey!
RT @real_defender: @realDonaldTrump Our country is making unprecedented progress thanks to the fact that we finally have a president who is...
“The biggest abuse of power and corruption scandal in our history, and it’s much worse than we thought. Andrew McCabe (FBI) admitted to plotting a coup (government overthrow) when he was serving in the FBI, before he was fired for lying &amp, leaking.” @seanhannity @FoxNews  Treason!
Today more than 50 countries around the world now recognize the rightful government of Venezuela. The Venezuelan people have spoken and the world has heard their voice. They are turning the page on Socialism and Dictatorship, and there will be NO GOING BACK! https://t.co/C3DL5RFfiE
I ask every member of the Maduro regime: End this nightmare of poverty, hunger and death. LET YOUR PEOPLE GO. Set your country free! Now is the time for all Venezuelan Patriots to act together, as one united people. Nothing could be better for the future of Venezuela!
The people of Venezuela are standing for FREEDOM and DEMOCRACY – and the United States of America is standing right by their side!
We are here to proclaim that a new day is coming in Latin America. In Venezuela and across the Western Hemisphere, Socialism is DYING - and liberty, prosperity, and democracy are being REBORN...https://t.co/hPL5W48Pmg
RT @FLOTUS: A beautiful ceremony at @Nicklaus4kids hospital today to celebrate their new changes! I hope the garden nurtures &amp, heals all th...
Hope you are enjoying your President’s Day, our Country is making unprecedented progress!
“This was an illegal coup attempt on the President of the United States.” Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends  True!
....There is a lot of explaining to do to the millions of people who had just elected a president who they really like and who has done a great job for them with the Military, Vets, Economy and so much more. This was the illegal and treasonous “insurance policy” in full action!
Wow, so many lies by now disgraced acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe. He was fired for lying, and now his story gets even more deranged. He and Rod Rosenstein, who was hired by Jeff Sessions (another beauty), look like they were planning a very illegal act, and got caught.....
“After two years and interviewing more than two hundred witnesses, the Senate Intelligence Committee has NOT discovered any direct evidence of a conspiracy between the Trump Campaign and Russia.”  Ken Dilanian @NBCNews
RT @KimStrassel: Death of a California Dream https://t.co/sBnSecSriX via @WSJOpinion
William Barr is arriving at a Justice Department that desperately needs an infusion of credibility, writes @KimStrassel https://t.co/naY9XOxb12 via @WSJ
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....Many of the top FBI brass were fired, forced to leave, or left. McCabe’s wife received BIG DOLLARS from Clinton pe...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Disgraced FBI Acting Director Andrew McCabe pretends to be a “poor little Angel” when in fact he was a big part of the...
The Mueller investigation is totally conflicted, illegal and rigged! Should never have been allowed to begin, except for the Collusion and many crimes committed by the Democrats. Witch Hunt!
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! https://t.co/29dViqkEV7
“These guys, the investigators, ought to be in jail. What they have done, working with the Obama intelligence agencies, is simply unprecedented. This is one of the greatest political hoaxes ever perpetrated on the people of this Country, and Mueller is a coverup.”  Rush Limbaugh
https://t.co/r8N9m5vQlF
https://t.co/y61loNunTJ
THE RIGGED AND CORRUPT MEDIA IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Nothing funny about tired Saturday Night Live on Fake News NBC! Question is, how do the Networks get away with these total Republican hit jobs without retribution? Likewise for many other shows? Very unfair and should be looked into. This is the real Collusion!
52% Approval Rating, 93% in Republican Party ( a record )! Pretty amazing considering that 93% (also) of my press is REALLY BAD. The “people” are SMART!
Democrats in the Senate are still slow walking hundreds of highly qualified people wanting to come into government. Never been such an abuse in our country’s history. Mitch should not let Senate go home until all are approved. We need our Ambassadors and all others NOW!
Important meetings and calls on China Trade Deal, and more, today with my staff. Big progress being made on soooo many different fronts! Our Country has such fantastic potential for future growth and greatness on an even higher level!
RT @TomFitton: .@NYTIMES complains @realDonaldTrump crackdown on asylum scamming is working.  https://t.co/K8j94ITalL
RT @TomFitton: Mueller Will Harass @RealDonaldTrump for Entire Term https://t.co/eoQVP6MsmF via @JudicialWatch
RT @TomFitton: BIG: Strzok/Page Docs Show More Collusion to Protect Hillary Clinton, Voter Fraud Crisis--Thousands of Aliens Illegally Voti...
RT @real_defender: @realDonaldTrump Protecting America and putting Americans first. Thank you Mr. President!
....Will be getting almost $23 BILLION for Border Security. Regardless of Wall money, it is being built as we speak!
....The U.S. does not want to watch as these ISIS fighters permeate Europe, which is where they are expected to go. We do so much, and spend so much - Time for others to step up and do the job that they are so capable of doing. We are pulling back after 100% Caliphate victory!
The United States is asking Britain, France, Germany and other European allies to take back over 800 ISIS fighters that we captured in Syria and put them on trial. The Caliphate is ready to fall. The alternative is not a good one in that we will be forced to release them........
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/nJORBjwint
Trade negotiators have just returned from China where the meetings on Trade were very productive. Now at meetings with me at Mar-a-Lago giving the details. In the meantime, Billions of Dollars are being paid to the United States by China in the form of Trade Tariffs!
BUILDING THE WALL!
https://t.co/nJORBjwint
https://t.co/f6Jd2FzayZ
Great job by law enforcement in Aurora, Illinois. Heartfelt condolences to all of the victims and their families. America is with you!
https://t.co/BliAo5YDqb
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump Speaks on the National Security &amp, Humanitarian Crisis on Our Southern Border https://t.co/FqdfFORbv5
“Trying to use the 25th Amendment to try and circumvent the Election is a despicable act of unconstitutional power grabbing...which happens in third world countries. You have to obey the law. This is an attack on our system &amp, Constitution.” Alan Dershowitz. @TuckerCarlson
RT @WhiteHouse: .@PressSec: President Trump will sign the government funding bill, and as he has stated before, he will also take other exe...
“After The Flight 93 Election, The Vote That Saved America - And What We Still Have To Lose,” by very talented Michael Anton, is a terrific read. Check it out!
One year ago today, a horrific act of violence took the lives of 14 students and 3 educators in Parkland, Florida. On this somber anniversary, we honor their memory and recommit to ensuring the safety of all Americans, especially our Nation’s children... https://t.co/MDnSX1BFeW https://t.co/EVAeSwA8oV
Reviewing the funding bill with my team at the @WhiteHouse!
funding bill
....Many of the top FBI brass were fired, forced to leave, or left. McCabe’s wife received BIG DOLLARS from Clinton people for her campaign - he gave Hillary a pass. McCabe is a disgrace to the FBI and a disgrace to our Country. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Disgraced FBI Acting Director Andrew McCabe pretends to be a “poor little Angel” when in fact he was a big part of the Crooked Hillary Scandal &amp, the Russia Hoax - a puppet for Leakin’ James Comey. I.G. report on McCabe was devastating. Part of “insurance policy” in case I won....
California has been forced to cancel the massive bullet train project after having spent and wasted many billions of dollars. They owe the Federal Government three and a half billion dollars. We want that money back now. Whole project is a “green” disaster!
RT @SenTedCruz: Report: Texas crude oil production breaks 1970s record https://t.co/RHpaMLX7G2 via @houstonchron
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""Every American in every community and from every walk of life has a right to live in security and to live in peace. That i..."
Today, it was my great honor to address the @MjrCitiesChiefs Association and @MCSheriffs Conference in Washington, D.C. We will never forget your service, and we will never, ever let you down! We love you, and we thank God for you each and every day. https://t.co/9tuNcVcBqe
The Gallup Poll just announced that 69% of our great citizens expect their finances to improve next year, a 16 year high. Nice!
The Senate Intelligence Committee: THERE IS NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA!
RT @dbongino: I don’t feel an ounce of empathy for all of the imbeciles who bought into the Russian collusion hoax now that it’s been entir...
I want to thank all Republicans for the work you have done in dealing with the Radical Left on Border Security. Not an easy task, but the Wall is being built and will be a great achievement and contributor toward life and safety within our Country!
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump's commitment to improving the quality of life for all Americans has led to the largest single decline in dr...
RT @WhiteHouse: Americans pay 180 percent of what Europeans, Canadians, and Japanese pay for the exact same drugs!Our seniors aren't goin...
RT @planetepics: They are soooo beautiful and magnificent! ❤️❤️❤️❤️https://t.co/ISn5jo8CcD https://t.co/JcMpQUzIml
Thank you to @MSNBC! https://t.co/VdRnirACAz
From the Southern Border.... https://t.co/Vgsf5nEZUH
Was just presented the concept and parameters of the Border Security Deal by hard working Senator Richard Shelby. Looking over all aspects knowing that this will be hooked up with lots of money from other sources....
Beautiful evening in El Paso, Texas last night. God Bless the USA! https://t.co/trqA75KxLN
RT @IngrahamAngle: It was 45 degrees outside and this was the overflow crowd. #ElPaso @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/FipvNxp8di
RT @DanScavino: 🚨Happening Now: @realDonaldTrump overflow crowd in El Paso, Texas.... https://t.co/kqyDC66qRA
We are fighting for all Americans, from all backgrounds, of every age, race, religion, birthplace, color &amp, creed. Our agenda is NOT a partisan agenda – it is the mainstream, common sense agenda of the American People. Thank you El Paso, Texas - I love you! https://t.co/4Lz4PUwKzV
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Beto trying to counter-program @realdonaldtrump in his hometown and only drawing a few hundred people to Trump’s 35,000...
Coal is an important part of our electricity generation mix and @TVAnews should give serious consideration to all factors before voting to close viable power plants, like Paradise #3 in Kentucky!
۴۰ سال فساد. ۴۰ سال سرکوب. ۴۰ سال ترور. رژیم ایران فقط موجب #چهل_سال_شکست شده است. مردم ایران که مدتهاست در رنجند شایسته آینده روشن تری هستند https://t.co/nKMQCHQFCZ
40 years of corruption. 40 years of repression. 40 years of terror. The regime in Iran has produced only #40YearsofFailure. The long-suffering Iranian people deserve a much brighter future. https://t.co/bA8YGsw9LA
https://t.co/LpR2JkYLcW
Will be heading to El Paso very soon. Big speech on Border Security and much else tonight. Tremendous crowd! See you later!
The Democrats are so self righteous and ANGRY! Loosen up and have some fun. The Country is doing well!
The Democrats do not want us to detain, or send back, criminal aliens! This is a brand new demand. Crazy!
No president ever worked harder than me (cleaning up the mess I inherited)!
“Fact checkers have become Fake News.” @JesseBWatters   So True!
RT @realDonaldTrump: Working hard, thank you! https://t.co/tnuHnw8kll
The U.S. will soon control 100% of ISIS territory in Syria. @CNN (do you believe this?).
"RT @club4growth: WE AGREE! The time is now! 👉 ""The time has come to pass school choice for America's children."" - @realDonaldTrump #SOTU"
RT @club4growth: Agreed! Senate needs to confirm @realDonaldTrump Admin appointees. #SOTU
Well, it happened again. Amy Klobuchar announced that she is running for President, talking proudly of fighting global warming while standing in a virtual blizzard of snow, ice and freezing temperatures. Bad timing. By the end of her speech she looked like a Snowman(woman)!
The Border Committee Democrats are behaving, all of a sudden, irrationally. Not only are they unwilling to give dollars for the obviously needed Wall (they overrode recommendations of Border Patrol experts), but they don’t even want to take muderers into custody! What’s going on?
“President is on sound legal ground to declare a National Emergency. There have been 58 National Emergencies declared since the law was enacted in 1976, and 31 right now that are currently active, so this is hardly unprecedented.” Congressman @tommcclintock
....The fact is, when I took over as President, our Country was a mess. Depleted Military, Endless Wars, a potential War with North Korea, V.A., High Taxes &amp, too many Regulations, Border, Immigration &amp, HealthCare problems, &amp, much more. I had no choice but to work very long hours!
The media was able to get my work schedule, something very easy to do, but it should have been reported as a positive, not negative. When the term Executive Time is used, I am generally working, not relaxing. In fact, I probably work more hours than almost any past President.....
It was a very bad week for the Democrats, with the GREAT economic numbers, The Virginia disaster and the State of the Union address. Now, with the terrible offers being made by them to the Border Committee, I actually believe they want a Shutdown. They want a new subject!
I don’t think the Dems on the Border Committee are being allowed by their leaders to make a deal. They are offering very little money for the desperately needed Border Wall &amp, now, out of the blue, want a cap on convicted violent felons to be held in detention!
Gallup Poll: “Open Borders will potentially attract 42 million Latin Americans.” This would be a disaster for the U.S. We need the Wall now!
African Americans are very angry at the double standard on full display in Virginia!
Senator Richard Burr, The Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, just announced that after almost two years, more than two hundred interviews, and thousands of documents, they have found NO COLLUSION BETWEEN TRUMP AND RUSSIA! Is anybody really surprised by this?
I think it is very important for the Democrats to press forward with their Green New Deal. It would be great for the so-called “Carbon Footprint” to permanently eliminate all Planes, Cars, Cows, Oil, Gas &amp, the Military - even if no other country would do the same. Brilliant!
Today Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to by me as Pocahontas, joined the race for President. Will she run as our first Native American presidential candidate, or has she decided that after 32 years, this is not playing so well anymore? See you on the campaign TRAIL, Liz!
The Democrats just don’t seem to want Border Security. They are fighting Border Agents recommendations. If you believe news reports, they are not offering much for the Wall. They look to be making this a campaign issue. The Wall will get built one way or the other!
RT @IngrahamAngle: The #IngrahamAngle goes to El Paso Monday, where I’ll be interviewing @realDonaldTrump.  Tune in! 10p ET @FoxNews
RT @dbongino: The corrupt spying operation against Donald Trump’s team is the biggest scandal in political history. Read my new book for th...
RT @JudicialWatch: JW released State Dept docs showing the Clinton-linked Podesta Group run by Tony Podesta (the brother of John Podesta wh...
RT @TomFitton: Inside @JudicialWatch: @RealDonaldTrump is first president in a generation to talk honestly about the border crisis.  https:...
RT @Jim_Jordan: .@AdamSchiff:-Meets with Glenn Simpson, who hired Nellie Ohr and Chris Steele and paid for the Dossier-Doesn’t disclose...
We have a great economy DESPITE the Obama Administration and all of its job killing Regulations and Roadblocks. If that thinking prevailed in the 2016 Election, the U.S. would be in a Depression right now! We were heading down, and don’t let the Democrats sound bites fool you!
The Democrats in Congress yesterday were vicious and totally showed their cards for everyone to see. When the Republicans had the Majority they never acted with such hatred and scorn! The Dems are trying to win an election in 2020 that they know they cannot legitimately win!
It was great meeting some of our outstanding young military personnel who were wounded in both Syria and Afghanistan. Their wounds are deep but their spirit is sooo high. They will recoverer &amp, be back very soon. America loves them. Walter Reed Hospital is AMAZING - Thank you all!
North Korea, under the leadership of Kim Jong Un, will become a great Economic Powerhouse. He may surprise some but he won’t surprise me, because I have gotten to know him &amp, fully understand how capable he is. North Korea will become a different kind of Rocket - an Economic one!
My representatives have just left North Korea after a very productive meeting and an agreed upon time and date for the second Summit with Kim Jong Un. It will take place in Hanoi, Vietnam, on February 27 &amp, 28. I look forward to seeing Chairman Kim &amp, advancing the cause of peace!
I was a big fan of Frank Robinson, both as a great player and man. He was the first African American manager in baseball and was highly respected at everything he did. He will he missed!
Deepest sympathies to Congresswoman Debbie Dingell and the entire family of John Dingell. Longest serving Congressman in Country’s history which, if people understand politics, means he was very smart. A great reputation and highly respected man.
Working hard, thank you! https://t.co/tnuHnw8kll
...It is all a GIANT AND ILLEGAL HOAX, developed long before the election itself, but used as an excuse by the Democrats as to why Crooked Hillary Clinton lost the Election! Someday the Fake News Media will turn honest &amp, report that Donald J. Trump was actually a GREAT Candidate!
The mainstream media has refused to cover the fact that the head of the VERY important Senate Intelligence Committee, after two years of intensive study and access to Intelligence that only they could get, just stated that they have found NO COLLUSION between “Trump” &amp, Russia....
Now we find out that Adam Schiff was spending time together in Aspen with Glenn Simpson of GPS Fusion, who wrote the fake and discredited Dossier, even though Simpson was testifying before Schiff. John Solomon of @thehill
Not only did Senator Burr’s Committee find No Collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia, it’s important because they interviewed 200 witnesses and 300,000 pages of documents, &amp, the Committee has direct access to intelligence information that’s Classified. @GreggJarrett
Highly respected Senator Richard Burr, Chairman of Senate Intelligence, said today that, after an almost two year investigation, he saw no evidence of Russia collusion. “We don’t have anything that would suggest there was collusion by the Trump campaign and Russia.”  Thank you!
So nice how well my State of the Union speech was received. Thank you to all!
Each year, America pauses to remember its fallen astronaut heroes and the great accomplishments for which they strived. @FLOTUS Melania and I mourn their passing and take to heart the lessons of their lives and the greater human potential to which they continue to inspire. https://t.co/P9d1bpapsd
Today, it was my great honor to sign a Presidential Memorandum launching the Women’s Global Development and Prosperity Initiative. #WGDP Read more: https://t.co/qr3jevdayp https://t.co/HyIPPm4Q7b
2019 National Prayer Breakfast https://t.co/cKvv3ygOOt
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT! It should never be allowed to happen again!
Democrats at the top are killing the Great State of Virginia. If the three failing pols were Republicans, far stronger action would be taken. Virginia will come back HOME Republican) in 2020!
....The Dems and their committees are going “nuts.” The Republicans never did this to President Obama, there would be no time left to run government. I hear other committee heads will do the same thing. Even stealing people who work at White House! A continuation of Witch Hunt!
So now Congressman Adam Schiff announces, after having found zero Russian Collusion, that he is going to be looking at every aspect of my life, both financial and personal, even though there is no reason to be doing so. Never happened before! Unlimited Presidential Harassment....
https://t.co/tUDYZrc6w0
RT @realDonaldTrump: #SOTUhttps://t.co/kL6SoClx4K
#SOTUhttps://t.co/kL6SoClx4K
Looking forward to tonight! #SOTU https://t.co/lGKkZeaxUZ
Melania and I send our greetings to those celebrating the Lunar New Year. Today, people across the United States and around the world mark the beginning of the Lunar New Year with spectacular fireworks displays, joyful festivals, and family gatherings...https://t.co/yM6qZng5m0
I see Schumer is already criticizing my State of the Union speech, even though he hasn’t seen it yet. He’s just upset that he didn’t win the Senate, after spending a fortune, like he thought he would. Too bad we weren’t given more credit for the Senate win by the media!
Tremendous numbers of people are coming up through Mexico in the hopes of flooding our Southern Border. We have sent additional military. We will build a Human Wall if necessary. If we had a real Wall, this would be a non-event!
I am pleased to announce that David Bernhardt, Acting Secretary of the Interior, will be nominated as Secretary of the Interior. David has done a fantastic job from the day he arrived, and we look forward to having his nomination officially confirmed!
With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country, Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security. Dems do nothing. If there is no Wall, there is no Security. Human Trafficking, Drugs and Criminals of all dimensions - KEEP OUT!
Everyone is asking how Tiger played yesterday. The answer is Great! He was long, straight &amp, putted fantastically well. He shot a 64. Tiger is back &amp, will be winning Majors again! Not surprisingly, Jack also played really well. His putting is amazing! Jack &amp, Tiger like each other.
I will be interviewed Sunday morning on @FaceTheNation and prior to the Super Bowl on @CBS at 3:30 P.M. Enjoy!
Ed Gillespie, who ran for Governor of the Great State of Virginia against Ralph Northam, must now be thinking Malpractice and Dereliction of Duty with regard to his Opposition Research Staff. If they find that terrible picture before the election, he wins by 20 points!
Democrat Governor Ralph Northam of Virginia just stated, “I believe that I am not either of the people in that photo.” This was 24 hours after apologizing for appearing in the picture and after making the most horrible statement on “super” late term abortion. Unforgivable!
Great morning at Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter, Florida with @JackNicklaus and @TigerWoods! https://t.co/mdPN4yvS8e
National African American History Month is an occasion to rediscover the enduring stories of African Americans and the gifts of freedom, purpose, and opportunity they have bestowed on future generations...https://t.co/n9kf58NruZ
Thank you to Senator Rob Portman and Senator Cory Gardner for the early and warm endorsement. We will ALL WIN in 2020 together!
"RT @WhiteHouse: ""We added 304,000 jobs, which was a shocker to a lot of people. It wasn't a shocker to me."" https://t.co/hHzogMtXG5"
Great news on Foxconn in Wisconsin after my conversation with Terry Gou! https://t.co/2wtuCdl7TX
Best January for the DOW in over 30 years. We have, by far, the strongest economy in the world!
....after 18 long years. Syria was loaded with ISIS until I came along. We will soon have destroyed 100% of the Caliphate, but will be watching them closely. It is now time to start coming home and, after many years, spending our money wisely. Certain people must get smart!
RT @SenateGOP: Why do we need border security? This is why. These are the facts. #SecureOurBorder https://t.co/dMpYb3p4Wy
I inherited a total mess in Syria and Afghanistan, the “Endless Wars” of unlimited spending and death. During my campaign I said, very strongly, that these wars must finally end. We spend $50 Billion a year in Afghanistan and have hit them so hard that we are now talking peace...
This Witch Hunt must end! https://t.co/3og7H4uUw2
Nellie Ohr, the wife of DOJ official Bruce Ohr, was long ago investigating for pay (GPS Fusion) members of my family, feeding it to her husband who was then giving it to the FBI, even though it was created by ousted &amp, discredited Christopher Steele. Illegal! WITCH HUNT
Just out: The big deal, very mysterious Don jr telephone calls, after the innocent Trump Tower meeting, that the media &amp, Dems said were made to his father (me), were just conclusively found NOT to be made to me. They were made to friends &amp, business associates of Don. Really sad!
Our great U.S. Border Patrol Agents made the biggest Fentanyl bust in our Country’s history. Thanks, as always, for a job well done!
....I would suggest you read the COMPLETE testimony from Tuesday. A false narrative is so bad for our Country. I value our intelligence community. Happily, we had a very good meeting, and we are all on the same page!
Just concluded a great meeting with my Intel team in the Oval Office who told me that what they said on Tuesday at the Senate Hearing was mischaracterized by the media - and we are very much in agreement on Iran, ISIS, North Korea, etc. Their testimony was distorted press.... https://t.co/Zl5aqBmpjF
https://t.co/6wK5He4pk5
Very sadly, Murder cases in Mexico in 2018 rose 33% from 2017, to 33,341. This is a big contributor to the Humanitarian Crisis taking place on our Southern Border and then spreading throughout our Country. Worse even than Afghanistan. Much caused by DRUGS. Wall is being built!
Schumer and the Democrats are big fans of being weak and passive with Iran. They have no clue as to the danger they would be inflicting on our Country. Iran is in financial chaos now because of the sanctions and Iran Deal termination. Dems put us in a bad place - but now good!
Looking for China to open their Markets not only to Financial Services, which they are now doing, but also to our Manufacturing, Farmers and other U.S. businesses and industries. Without this a deal would be unacceptable!
More troops being sent to the Southern Border to stop the attempted Invasion of Illegals, through large Caravans, into our Country. We have stopped the previous Caravans, and we will stop these also. With a Wall it would be soooo much easier and less expensive. Being Built!
Democrats are becoming the Party of late term abortion, high taxes, Open Borders and Crime!
Republicans on the Homeland Security Committee are wasting their time. Democrats, despite all of the evidence, proof and Caravans coming, are not going to give money to build the DESPERATELY needed WALL. I’ve got you covered. Wall is already being built, I don’t expect much help!
....China’s representatives and I are trying to do a complete deal, leaving NOTHING unresolved on the table. All of the many problems are being discussed and will be hopefully resolved. Tariffs on China increase to 25% on March 1st, so all working hard to complete by that date!
....meeting with their top leaders and representatives today in the Oval Office. No final deal will be made until my friend President Xi, and I, meet in the near future to discuss and agree on some of the long standing and more difficult points. Very comprehensive transaction....
China’s top trade negotiators are in the U.S. meeting with our representatives. Meetings are going well with good intent and spirit on both sides. China does not want an increase in Tariffs and feels they will do much better if they make a deal. They are correct. I will be......
With Murders up 33% in Mexico, a record, why wouldn’t any sane person want to build a Wall! Construction has started and will not stop until it is finished. @LouDobbs @foxandfriends
Lets just call them WALLS from now on and stop playing political games! A WALL is a WALL!
Large sections of WALL have already been built with much more either under construction or ready to go. Renovation of existing WALLS is also a very big part of the plan to finally, after many decades, properly Secure Our Border. The Wall is getting done one way or the other!
So great to watch &amp, listen to all these people who write books &amp, talk about my presidential campaign and so many others things related to winning, and how I should be doing “IT.” As I take it all in, I then sit back, look around, &amp, say “gee, I’m in the White House, &amp, they’re not!
....Large protests all across Venezuela today against Maduro. The fight for freedom has begun!
Spoke today with Venezuelan Interim President Juan Guaido to congratulate him on his historic assumption of the presidency and reinforced strong United States support for Venezuela’s fight to regain its democracy....
Dow just broke 25,000. Tremendous news!
....a source of potential danger and conflict. They are testing Rockets (last week) and more, and are coming very close to the edge. There economy is now crashing, which is the only thing holding them back. Be careful of Iran. Perhaps Intelligence should go back to school!
The Intelligence people seem to be extremely passive and naive when it comes to the dangers of Iran. They are wrong! When I became President Iran was making trouble all over the Middle East, and beyond. Since ending the terrible Iran Nuclear Deal, they are MUCH different, but....
“Three separate caravans marching to our Border. The numbers are tremendous.” @foxandfriends
If the committee of Republicans and Democrats now meeting on Border Security is not discussing or contemplating a Wall or Physical Barrier, they are Wasting their time!
...Time will tell what will happen with North Korea, but at the end of the previous administration, relationship was horrendous and very bad things were about to happen. Now a whole different story. I look forward to seeing Kim Jong Un shortly. Progress being made-big difference!
....Fighting continues but the people of Afghanistan want peace in this never ending war. We will soon see if talks will be successful? North Korea relationship is best it has ever been with U.S. No testing, getting remains, hostages returned. Decent chance of Denuclearization...
When I became President, ISIS was out of control in Syria &amp, running rampant. Since then tremendous progress made, especially over last 5 weeks. Caliphate will soon be destroyed, unthinkable two years ago. Negotiating are proceeding well in Afghanistan after 18 years of fighting..
Maduro willing to negotiate with opposition in Venezuela following U.S. sanctions and the cutting off of oil revenues. Guaido is being targeted by Venezuelan Supreme Court. Massive protest expected today. Americans should not travel to Venezuela until further notice.
“Our economy, right now, is the Gold Standard throughout the World.” @IngrahamAngle  So true, and not even close!
A low level staffer that I hardly knew named Cliff Sims wrote yet another boring book based on made up stories and fiction. He pretended to be an insider when in fact he was nothing more than a gofer. He signed a non-disclosure agreement. He is a mess!
How does Da Nang Dick (Blumenthal) serve on the Senate Judiciary Committee when he defrauded the American people about his so called War Hero status in Vietnam, only to later admit, with tears pouring down his face, that he was never in Vietnam. An embarrassment to our Country!
In the beautiful Midwest, windchill temperatures are reaching minus 60 degrees, the coldest ever recorded. In coming days, expected to get even colder. People can’t last outside even for minutes. What the hell is going on with Global Waming? Please come back fast, we need you!
“In the Media’s effort to destroy the President, they are actually destroying themselves. Given all of the tremendous headwinds this President has faced, it’s amazing he has accomplished so much.” DEROY MURDOCK @foxandfriends  I agree!
Howard Schultz doesn’t have the “guts” to run for President! Watched him on @60Minutes last night and I agree with him that he is not the “smartest person.” Besides, America already has that! I only hope that Starbucks is still paying me their rent in Trump Tower!
Numerous states introducing Bible Literacy classes, giving students the option of studying the Bible. Starting to make a turn back? Great!
Tariffs on the “dumping” of Steel in the United States have totally revived our Steel Industry. New and expanded plants are happening all over the U.S. We have not only saved this important industry, but created many jobs. Also, billions paid to our treasury. A BIG WIN FOR U.S.
After all that I have done for the Military, our great Veterans, Judges (99), Justices (2), Tax &amp, Regulation Cuts, the Economy, Energy, Trade &amp, MUCH MORE, does anybody really think I won’t build the WALL? Done more in first two years than any President! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Never thought I’d say this but I think @johnrobertsFox and @GillianHTurner @FoxNews have even less understanding of the Wall negotiations than the folks at FAKE NEWS CNN &amp, NBC! Look to final results! Don’t know how my poll numbers are so good, especially up 19% with Hispanics?
BUILD A WALL &amp, CRIME WILL FALL! https://t.co/yDdCG5DCxn
#HolocaustMemorialDayhttps://t.co/zBQjfUOdtj https://t.co/hgTBGoECUU
RT @GOP: “300 people are dying from heroin overdoses a week in this country, 90% of it is coming over the southern border... We’ve got to sto...
RT @KenPaxtonTX: VOTER FRAUD ALERT: The @TXsecofstate discovered approx 95,000 individuals identified by DPS as non-U.S. citizens have a ma...
Thank you to Brit. This is a very big deal in Europe. Fake News is the Enemy of the People! https://t.co/WX0o8gaiMC
Jens Stoltenberg, NATO Secretary General, just stated that because of me NATO has been able to raise far more money than ever before from its members after many years of decline. It’s called burden sharing. Also, more united. Dems &amp, Fake News like to portray the opposite!
We are not even into February and the cost of illegal immigration so far this year is $18,959,495,168. Cost Friday was $603,331,392. There are at least 25,772,342 illegal aliens, not the 11,000,000 that have been reported for years, in our Country. So ridiculous! DHS
RT @GOP: “I commend the President for his leadership in proposing this bold solution to reopen the government, secure the border, and take...
58,000 non-citizens voted in Texas, with 95,000 non-citizens registered to vote. These numbers are just the tip of the iceberg. All over the country, especially in California, voter fraud is rampant. Must be stopped. Strong voter ID! @foxandfriends
WITCH HUNT!
....about all of the one sided Fake Media coverage (collusion with Crooked H?) that I had to endure during my very successful presidential campaign. What about the now revealed bias by Facebook and many others. Roger Stone didn’t even work for me anywhere near the Election!
CBS reports that in the Roger Stone indictment, data was “released during the 2016 Election to damage Hillary Clinton.” Oh really! What about the Fake and Unverified “Dossier,” a total phony conjob, that was paid for by Crooked Hillary to damage me and the Trump Campaign? What...
“Ax falls quickly at BuzzFeed and Huffpost!” Headline, New York Post. Fake News and bad journalism have caused a big downturn. Sadly, many others will follow. The people want the Truth!
Only fools, or people with a political agenda, don’t want a Wall or Steel Barrier to protect our Country from Crime, Drugs and Human Trafficking. It will happen - it always does!
BUILD A WALL &amp, CRIME WILL FALL! https://t.co/a0G7GWi74k
“We absolutely need a physical barrier or Wall, whatever you want to call it. The President yesterday laid all that out. We need to do it all, including the Wall. I provided the same information to the previous administration, &amp, it was ignored.” Mark Morgan, Border Chief for “O”!
Thank you to the Republican National Committee, (the RNC), who voted UNANIMOUSLY yesterday to support me in the upcoming 2020 Election. Considering that we have done more than any Administration in the first two years, this should be easy. More great things now in the works!
We have turned away, at great expense, two major Caravans, but a big one has now formed and is coming. At least 8000 people! If we had a powerful Wall, they wouldn’t even try to make the long and dangerous journey. Build the Wall and Crime will Fall!
21 days goes very quickly. Negotiations with Democrats will start immediately. Will not be easy to make a deal, both parties very dug in. The case for National Security has been greatly enhanced by what has been happening at the Border &amp, through dialogue. We will build the Wall!
“I like the fact that the President is making the case (Border Security &amp, Crime) to the American people. Now we know where Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer &amp, the Democrats stand, which is no Border Security. Will be big 2020 issue.” Matt Schlapp, Chair, ACU. Bigger than anyone knows!
If Roger Stone was indicted for lying to Congress, what about the lying done by Comey, Brennan, Clapper, Lisa Page &amp, lover, Baker and soooo many others? What about Hillary to FBI and her 33,000 deleted Emails? What about Lisa &amp, Peter’s deleted texts &amp, Wiener’s laptop? Much more!
I wish people would read or listen to my words on the Border Wall. This was in no way a concession. It was taking care of millions of people who were getting badly hurt by the Shutdown with the understanding that in 21 days, if no deal is done, it’s off to the races!
https://t.co/RUFlgMxOUq
Greatest Witch Hunt in the History of our Country! NO COLLUSION! Border Coyotes, Drug Dealers and Human Traffickers are treated better. Who alerted CNN to be there?
A third rate conman who interviewed me many years ago for just a short period of time has been playing his biggest con of all on Fake News CNN. Michael D’Antonio, a broken down hack who knows nothing about me, goes on night after night telling made up Trump stories. Disgraceful!
Great earnings coming out of Stock Market. Too bad Media doesn’t devote much time to this!
Nancy just said she “just doesn’t understand why?” Very simply, without a Wall it all doesn’t work. Our Country has a chance to greatly reduce Crime, Human Trafficking, Gangs and Drugs. Should have been done for decades. We will not Cave!
Without a Wall there cannot be safety and security at the Border or for the U.S.A. BUILD THE WALL AND CRIME WILL FALL!
...back home where they belong, no more Rockets or M’s being fired over Japan or anywhere else and, most importantly, no Nuclear Testing. This is more than has ever been accomplished with North Korea, and the Fake News knows it. I expect another good meeting soon, much potential!
The Fake News Media loves saying “so little happened at my first summit with Kim Jong Un.” Wrong! After 40 years of doing nothing with North Korea but being taken to the cleaners, &amp, with a major war ready to start, in a short 15 months, relationships built, hostages &amp, remains....
So interesting that bad lawyer Michael Cohen, who sadly will not be testifying before Congress, is using the lawyer of Crooked Hillary Clinton to represent him - Gee, how did that happen? Remember July 4th weekend when Crooked went before FBI &amp, wasn’t sworn in, no tape, nothing?
The economy is doing great. More people working in U.S.A. today than at any time in our HISTORY. Media barely covers! @foxandfriends
“This is everything FDR dreamed about, the New Deal to put America back to work. Think of LBJ, he gave people food stamps &amp, welfare. Donald Trump’s giving them a job. He’s got a lot of good things to talk about. News stories do not accurately cover him, should correct.” @DougWead
A great new book just out, “Game of Thorns,” by Doug Wead, Presidential Historian and best selling author. The book covers the campaign of 2016, and what could be more exciting than that?
....alternative venue for the SOTU Address because there is no venue that can compete with the history, tradition and importance of the House Chamber. I look forward to giving a “great” State of the Union Address in the near future!
As the Shutdown was going on, Nancy Pelosi asked me to give the State of the Union Address. I agreed. She then changed her mind because of the Shutdown, suggesting a later date. This is her prerogative - I will do the Address when the Shutdown is over. I am not looking for an....
“The Historic Results of President Donald J. Trump’s First Two Years in Office” https://t.co/AFnWWiLlCa
Even Trump Haters like (MS)NBC acknowledge you “BUILD A WALL &amp, CRIME WILL FALL!” https://t.co/bKIgmHUW5P
The citizens of Venezuela have suffered for too long at the hands of the illegitimate Maduro regime. Today, I have officially recognized the President of the Venezuelan National Assembly, Juan Guaido, as the Interim President of Venezuela. https://t.co/WItWPiG9jK
BUILD A WALL &amp, CRIME WILL FALL!
BUILD A WALL &amp, CRIME WILL FALL! This is the new theme, for two years until the Wall is finished (under construction now), of the Republican Party. Use it and pray!
Great unity in the Republican Party. Want to, once and for all, put an end to stoppable crime and drugs! Border Security and Wall. No doubt!
Deroy Murdock, National Review: “We are now exporting oil, which is the first time in my lifetime - we are right now the largest producer of oil and gas. This is not good if you’re Vladimir Putin where your chief export is oil. W.H. Agent - Not good for Kremlin.” @TuckerCarlson
Congratulations to Mariano Rivera on unanimously being elected to the National Baseball Hall of Fame! Not only a great player but a great person. I am thankful for Mariano’s support of the Opioid Drug Abuse Commission and @FitnessGov. #EnterSandman #HOF2019💯 https://t.co/reU1gKWHSQ
...big Crooked Hillary law firm, represented by her lawyer Michael Sussmann (do you believe this?) who worked Baker hard &amp, gave him Oppo Research for “a Russia probe.” This meeting, now exposed, is the subject of Senate inquiries and much more. An Unconstitutional Hoax. @FoxNews
Former FBI top lawyer James Baker just admitted involvement in FISA Warrant and further admitted there  were IRREGULARITIES in the way the Russia probe was handled. They relied heavily on the unverified Trump “Dossier” paid for by the DNC &amp, Clinton Campaign, &amp, funded through a...
The reason Sarah Sanders does not go to the “podium” much anymore is that the press covers her so rudely &amp, inaccurately, in particular certain members of the press. I told her not to bother, the word gets out anyway! Most will never cover us fairly &amp, hence, the term, Fake News!
The United States has a great economic story to tell. Number one in the World, by far!
Last time I went to Davos, the Fake News said I should not go there. This year, because of the Shutdown, I decided not to go, and the Fake News said I should be there. The fact is that the people understand the media better than the media understands them!
Never seen @senatemajldr and Republicans so united on an issue as they are on the Humanitarian Crisis &amp, Security on our Southern Border. If we create a Wall or Barrier which prevents Criminals and Drugs from flowing into our Country, Crime will go down by record numbers!
Marist/NPR/PBS Poll shows President Trump’s approval rating among Latinos going to 50%, an increase in one year of 19%. Thank you, working hard!
FBI top lawyer confirms “unusual steps.” They relied on the Clinton Campaign’s Fake &amp, Unverified “Dossier,” which is illegal. “That has corrupted them. That has enabled them to gather evidence by UNCONSTITUTIONAL MEANS, and that’s what they did to the President.” Judge Napolitano
Without a Wall our Country can never have Border or National Security. With a powerful Wall or Steel Barrier, Crime Rates (and Drugs) will go substantially down all over the U.S. The Dems know this but want to play political games. Must finally be done correctly. No Cave!
“The Democrats are playing politics with Border Security.”  @foxandfriends
Nick Sandmann and the students of Covington have become symbols of Fake News and how evil it can be. They have captivated the attention of the world, and I know they will use it for the good - maybe even to bring people together. It started off unpleasant, but can end in a dream!
RT @KayaJones: I want to show other celebrities who voted for @realDonaldTrump it’s ok to come forward. Better yet let’s show the world how...
RT @senrobportman: .@POTUS has laid out a constructive new proposal that contains the basis for a bipartisan agreement. It includes many of...
Looking like Nick Sandman &amp, Covington Catholic students were treated unfairly with early judgements proving out to be false - smeared by media. Not good, but making big comeback! “New footage shows that media was wrong about teen’s encounter with Native American” @TuckerCarlson
Democrats are kidding themselves (they don’t really believe it!) if they say you can stop Crime, Drugs, Human Trafficking and Caravans without a Wall or Steel Barrier. Stop playing games and give America the Security it deserves. A Humanitarian Crisis!
Four people in Nevada viciously robbed and killed by an illegal immigrant who should not have been in our Country. 26 people killed on the Border in a drug and gang related fight. Two large Caravans from Honduras broke into Mexico and are headed our way. We need a powerful Wall!
If Nancy Pelosi thinks that Walls are “immoral,” why isn’t she requesting that we take down all of the existing Walls between the U.S. and Mexico, even the new ones just built in San Diego at their very strong urging. Let millions of unchecked “strangers” just flow into the U.S.
China posts slowest economic numbers since 1990 due to U.S. trade tensions and new policies. Makes so much sense for China to finally do a Real Deal, and stop playing around!
Today, it was my great honor to visit the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial with @VP Mike Pence, in honor of #MLKDay https://t.co/YsDEA3kygd
RT @realDonaldTrump: To all of the great people who are working so hard for your Country and not getting paid I say, THANK YOU - YOU ARE GR...
Democrats campaigned on working within Washington and “getting things done!” How is that working out? #2020TAKEBACKTHEHOUSE
Today we celebrate Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. for standing up for the self-evident truth Americans hold so dear, that no matter what the color of our skin or the place of our birth, we are all created equal by God. #MLKDay https://t.co/pEaVpCB8M4
Last year was the best year for American Manufacturing job growth since 1997, or 21 years. The previous administration said manufacturing will not come back to the U.S., “you would need a magic wand.” I guess I found the MAGIC WAND - and it is only getting better!
“No President in modern times has kept more promises than Donald Trump!” Thank you Bill Bennett @SteveHiltonx
Curt Schilling deserves to be in the Baseball Hall of Fame. Great record, especially when under pressure and when it mattered most. Do what everyone in Baseball knows is right! @marklevinshow
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Maybe the left will one day stop trying desperately to destroy my family and especially @realDonaldTrump. Till then the...
Congratulations to Bob Kraft, Bill Belichick, Tom Brady and the entire New England Patriots team on a great game and season. Will be a fantastic Super Bowl!
To all of the great people who are working so hard for your Country and not getting paid I say, THANK YOU - YOU ARE GREAT PATRIOTS! We must now work together, after decades of abuse, to finally fix the Humanitarian, Criminal &amp, Drug Crisis at our Border. WE WILL WIN BIG!
RT @WhiteHouse: The historic results of President Donald J. Trump’s first two years in office: https://t.co/xznAzXbrq3
RT @VP: Honored to serve as @POTUS Trump’s Vice President these past two years, working to deliver historic results for the American people...
A truly great First Lady who doesn’t get the credit she deserves! https://t.co/Wc9bYtoLKq
Thanks James! https://t.co/iTdCEEiiRv
RT @GOPChairwoman: So many accomplishments from @realDonaldTrump and his administration over the past two years!https://t.co/GL1QplJhoI
RT @BudgetGOP: TODAY - @SenatorEnzi Welcomed new @BudgetGOP members @SenatorBraun, @SenRickScott and @SenKevinCramer https://t.co/yL31HsHXm...
Will do a fantastic job! https://t.co/YkcenJhzsK
RT @SenJohnHoeven: The president outlined a compromise proposal to strengthen border security &amp, end the partial government shutdown. Read m...
RT @JerryMoran: This proposal, which incorporates provisions similar to legislation I introduced earlier this month with @SenRobPortman, in...
RT @SenatorLankford: The President offered a reasonable compromise today to reopen the remainder of the government, and I look forward to c...
RT @JimInhofe: It is true and I'm glad to stand with you on this @realDonaldTrump. The Democrats need to come to the table so we can secure...
RT @RepMarkMeadows: This is the latest and most significant step yet of POTUS showing his willingness to negotiate and compromise with Demo...
RT @SenJohnThune: My statement on @POTUS’s proposal to end the shutdown: https://t.co/VCO1vwzaC3
RT @marcorubio: @POTUS offers to support 2 bills sponsored by Dems (TPS &amp, DACA extensions)in exchange for Border Security (something Democr...
RT @SenThomTillis: My statement on the President’s proposal to end the partial government #shutdown through a compromise on border security...
RT @VP: Today @POTUS proposed a common sense plan to secure our border, reopen our government, and KEEP AMERICANS SAFE. Now it’s time for C...
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: A fantastic proposal Mr.  President! Let's get it done! https://t.co/m8bzYGRLTw
RT @SenatorWicker: I support President @realDonaldTrump's plan. I will absolutely vote for this proposal when @senatemajldr brings up the b...
RT @sendavidperdue: President Trump again spoke directly to the American people about the national security crisis at our southern border....
RT @marklevinshow: I strongly support President Trump’s immigration proposal today.  Pelosi &amp, Schumer rejected it even before the president...
RT @GOPLeader: President Trump has put forward a serious and reasonable offer to reform parts of our broken immigration system and reopen g...
RT @charliekirk11: Breaking:A new NPR/PBS NewsHour/Marist poll shows Hispanic-Latino approval of President Donald Trump’s job performance...
https://t.co/yQkCrpooIT
The Media is not giving us credit for the tremendous progress we have made with North Korea. Think of where we were at the end of the Obama Administration compared to now. Great meeting this week with top Reps. Looking forward to meeting with Chairman Kim at end of February!
Don’t forget, we are building and renovating big sections of Wall right now. Moving quickly, and will cost far less than previous politicians thought possible. Building, after all, is what I do best, even when money is not readily available!
Wow, just heard that my poll numbers with Hispanics has gone up 19%, to 50%. That is because they know the Border issue better than anyone, and they want Security, which can only be gotten with a Wall.
Nancy, I am still thinking about the State of the Union speech, there are so many options - including doing it as per your written offer (made during the Shutdown, security is no problem), and my written acceptance. While a contract is a contract, I’ll get back to you soon!
Nancy Pelosi has behaved so irrationally &amp, has gone so far to the left that she has now officially become a Radical Democrat. She is so petrified of the “lefties” in her party that she has lost control...And by the way, clean up the streets in San Francisco, they are disgusting!
No, Amnesty is not a part of my offer. It is a 3 year extension of DACA. Amnesty will be used only on a much bigger deal, whether on immigration or something else. Likewise there will be no big push to remove the 11,000,000 plus people who are here illegally-but be careful Nancy!
Nancy Pelosi and some of the Democrats turned down my offer yesterday before I even got up to speak. They don’t see crime &amp, drugs, they only see 2020 - which they are not going to win. Best economy! They should do the right thing for the Country &amp, allow people to go back to work.
Be careful and try staying in your house. Large parts of the Country are suffering from  tremendous amounts of snow and near record setting cold. Amazing how big this system is. Wouldn’t be bad to have a little of that good old fashioned Global Warming right now!
Always heard that as President, “it’s all about the economy!” Well, we have one of the best economies in the history of our Country. Big GDP, lowest unemployment, companies coming back to the U.S. in BIG numbers, great new trade deals happening, &amp, more. But LITTLE media mention!
https://t.co/bJ81QkOObW
I will be live from the White House at 4:00 P.M.
Mexico is doing NOTHING to stop the Caravan which is now fully formed and heading to the United States. We stopped the last two - many are still in Mexico but can’t get through our Wall, but it takes a lot of Border Agents if there is no Wall. Not easy!
Many people are saying that the Mainstream Media will have a very hard time restoring credibility because of the way they have treated me over the past 3 years (including the election lead-up), as highlighted by the disgraceful Buzzfeed story &amp, the even more disgraceful coverage!
The Economy is one of the best in our history, with unemployment at a 50 year low, and the Stock Market ready to again break a record (set by us many times) - &amp, all you heard yesterday, based on a phony story, was Impeachment. You want to see a Stock Market Crash, Impeach Trump!
.@newtgingrich just stated that there has been no president since Abraham Lincoln who has been treated worse or more unfairly by the media than your favorite President, me! At the same time there has been no president who has accomplished more in his first two years in office!
Will be leaving for Dover to be with the families of 4 very special people who lost their lives in service to our Country!
Fake News is truly the ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
RT @GeraldoRivera: This is just the most egregious example of the rampant unfairness that has tainted this partisan witch-hunt from the beg...
RT @GeraldoRivera: At what point in fairness-after 2 years do Americans of good will say enough already? If the #SpecialCounsel had collusi...
Remember it was Buzzfeed that released the totally discredited “Dossier,” paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats (as opposition research), on which the entire Russian probe is based! A very sad day for journalism, but a great day for our Country!
RT @ChatByCC: The Buzzfeed bombshell bombed. It blew up in their face and the rest of the fake news are casualties too.
RT @RyanAFournier: The reporters never saw the evidence. They went off of a source who said it was “credible”. This isn’t journalism. Con...
https://t.co/wjqVvTqeky
RT @LindaSuhler: Dear God,Thank you for answering our prayers.A grateful Nation#GodBlessAmerica🇺🇸 #PresidentTrump #ElectionDay https://...
"RT @GOPChairwoman: The entire premise of this story, which received wall-to-wall coverage, was based on ""evidence"" the reporters admitted t..."
RT @parscale: This is just one of many fake news stories over the last several years. Sad so many journalists have lost their integrity. I...
RT @dbongino: Latino Job Approval of Trump SURGES in Midst of Govt Shutdown Over Border Wall Funding https://t.co/HAqstQDGw5
RT @dbongino: When are we going to start investigating the REAL collusion scandal? The collusion between the Clinton &amp, Obama teams and fore...
"RT @SebGorka: ""We will b protected by grt men &amp, women of r military &amp, law enforcmt &amp, most importantly, we will b protected by God"" https://..."
RT @dbongino: We called it. FAKE NEWS!“More Buzzfeed B.S.” https://t.co/aOIPJJu0vH
RT @johncardillo: I told you all that the BuzzFeed story was nonsense. https://t.co/gbTXPjpVtk
Just a son who loves his Dad. Nice! https://t.co/ZI4012Ld7S
RT @SchnurreZueri: @sethweathers @BuzzFeedNews Sadly so many will never get the memo that it was fake!
I will be making a major announcement concerning the Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border, and the Shutdown, tomorrow afternoon at 3 P.M., live from the @WhiteHouse.
https://t.co/6xciJ0ubp0
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Never seen the Republican Party so unified. No “Cave” on the issue of Border and National Security. A beautiful thing to see, especially when you hear the new rhetoric spewing from the mouths of the Democrats who talk Open Border, High Taxes and Crime. Stop Criminals &amp, Drugs now!
Kevin Corke, @FoxNews “Don’t forget, Michael Cohen has already been convicted of perjury and fraud, and as recently as this week, the Wall Street Journal has suggested that he may have stolen tens of thousands of dollars....”  Lying to reduce his jail time! Watch father-in-law!
Another big Caravan heading our way. Very hard to stop without a Wall!
“It’s the Democrats keeping everything closed.” @JimInhofe  So true!
Why would Nancy Pelosi leave the Country with other Democrats on a seven day excursion when 800,000 great people are not getting paid. Also, could somebody please explain to Nancy &amp, her “big donors” in wine country that people working on farms (grapes) will have easy access in!
Border rancher: “We’ve found prayer rugs out here. It’s unreal.”  Washington Examiner   People coming across the Southern Border from many countries, some of which would be a big surprise.
Gregg Jarrett: “Mueller’s prosecutors knew the “Dossier” was the product of bias and deception.” It was a Fake, just like so much news coverage in our Country. Nothing but a Witch Hunt, from beginning to end!
“In 2018 alone, 20,000 illegal aliens with criminal records were apprehended trying to cross the Border, and there was a 122% increase in fentanyl being smuggled between ports of entry. Last month alone, more than 20,000 minors were smuggled into the U.S.” @seanhannity
Thank you to Amy Kremer, Women for Trump Co-Founder, for doing such a great interview with Martha MacCallum...and by the way, women have the lowest unemployment numbers in many decades - at the highest pay ever. Proud of that!
RT @realDonaldTrump: For decades, politicians promised to secure the border, fix our trade deals, bring back our factories, get tough on Ch...
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....I am doing exactly what I pledged to do, and what I was elected to do by the citizens of our great Country. Just a...
RT @Lrihendry: @realDonaldTrump They are eaten alive by hate for our President &amp, his voters! They care more about illegal immigrants than...
So funny to watch Schumer groveling. He called for the firing of bad cop James Comey many times - UNTIL I FIRED HIM!
It is becoming more and more obvious that the Radical Democrats are a Party of open borders and crime. They want nothing to do with the major Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border. #2020!
There are now 77 major or significant Walls built around the world, with 45 countries planning or building Walls. Over 800 miles of Walls have been built in Europe since only 2015. They have all been recognized as close to 100% successful. Stop the crime at our Southern Border!
Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House. Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food (I paid), over 1000 hamburgers etc. Within one hour, it was all gone. Great guys and big eaters!
Congratulations @ClemsonFB! https://t.co/w8viax0OWY
Why is Nancy Pelosi getting paid when people who are working are not?
RT @TomFitton: We must stand with the rule of law against the coup targeting @RealDonaldTrump. https://t.co/wmox2XM7x8 https://t.co/8NY79Hv...
RT @TomFitton: For the first time in a generation, we have a president who is beginning to tell the truth about the crisis on the border. @...
RT @paulsperry_: So...by the FBI's post-Trump standards for C.I. investigations, would this off-mike exchange between Obama &amp, Putin's deput...
RT @paulsperry_: BREAKING: Inspector General Michael Horowitz still does NOT have all of Peter Strzok's and Lisa Page's texts, even though...
RT @charliekirk11: GREAT AGAIN:Prior to 2018, unemployment has only been below 4% 5 times since 1970Under Donald Trump, in 2018, unempl...
Will be going to Camp David tomorrow morning for meetings on Border Security and many other topics with @WhiteHouse senior staff.
RT @charliekirk11: No one accused Obama of being a Russian agent after he asked for “more flexibility” until after the the election, or whe...
RT @MZHemingway: NYT Reveals FBI Retaliated Against Trump For Lawfully Firing Comey https://t.co/LwJ7w1ctom
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Since January 1, neither CNN nor MSNBC has booked a single Angel Mom — mothers of children brutally murdered by illegal...
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Worth the read. I’m A Senior Trump Official, And I Hope A Long Shutdown Smokes Out The Resistance https://t.co/6ahfOl...
RT @PARISDENNARD: I trust a rancher on the Southern border more than a liberal politician from Northern California https://t.co/mo4oWe1SnI
Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House. Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food (I paid), over 1000 hamberders etc. Within one hour, it was all gone. Great guys and big eaters!
Polls are now showing that people are beginning to understand the Humanitarian Crisis and Crime at the Border. Numbers are going up fast, over 50%. Democrats will soon be known as the Party of Crime. Ridiculous that they don’t want Border Security!
A big new Caravan is heading up to our Southern Border from Honduras. Tell Nancy and Chuck that a drone flying around will not stop them. Only a Wall will work. Only a Wall, or Steel Barrier, will keep our Country safe! Stop playing political games and end the Shutdown!
Volkswagen will be spending 800 million dollars in Chattanooga, Tennessee. They will be making Electric Cars. Congratulations to Chattanooga and Tennessee on a job well done. A big win!
Just announced that Veterans unemployment has reached an 18 year low, really good news for our Vets and their families. Will soon be an all time low! Do you think the media will report on this and all of the other great economic news?
The rank and file of the FBI are great people who are disgusted with what they are learning about Lyin’ James Comey and the so-called “leaders” of the FBI. Twelve have been fired or forced to leave. They got caught spying on my campaign and then called it an investigation. Bad!
....I am doing exactly what I pledged to do, and what I was elected to do by the citizens of our great Country. Just as I promised, I am fighting for YOU!
For decades, politicians promised to secure the border, fix our trade deals, bring back our factories, get tough on China, move the Embassy to Jerusalem, make NATO pay their fair share, and so much else - only to do NOTHING (or worse)....
Spoke w/ President Erdogan of Turkey to advise where we stand on all matters including our last two weeks of success in fighting the remnants of ISIS, and 20 mile safe zone. Also spoke about economic development between the U.S. &amp, Turkey - great potential to substantially expand!
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: ‘Angel mom’ demands Trump’s wall, ‘we’ve become collateral damage’ https://t.co/FoUPO11tmM
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Silence of the Moms: Media Refuse to Discuss Angel Families https://t.co/AoVIquJge2 via @BreitbartNews
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump Delivers Remarks at the American Farm Bureau Federation's 100th Annual Convention https://t.co/tMWj5zj3K0
Getting ready to go on stage at the #AFBF100 in New Orleans - packed house! I will try and match the great game played yesterday by the New Orleans Saints and their incredible QB, Drew Brees. People here are very excited by the team. Going on stage now! https://t.co/ytZv0HLYun
https://t.co/w5X8jqvtiS
The Fake News gets crazier and more dishonest every single day. Amazing to watch as certain people covering me, and the tremendous success of this administration, have truly gone MAD! Their Fake reporting creates anger and disunity. Take two weeks off and come back rested. Chill!
“Dems in Puerto Rico as Shutdown hits day 24.” @foxandfriends
Getting ready to address the Farm Convention today in Nashville, Tennessee. Love our farmers, love Tennessee - a great combination! See you in a little while.
Nancy and Cryin’ Chuck can end the Shutdown in 15 minutes. At this point it has become their, and the Democrats, fault!
I’ve been waiting all weekend. Democrats must get to work now. Border must be secured!
RT @GOPChairwoman: Smugglers are flooding our communities with drugs.*300 Americans die each week from heroin, 90% of it comes from south...
RT @GOPChairwoman: Economic policies that @realDonaldTrump and @IvankaTrump have championed are producing some fantastic results for Americ...
RT @GeraldoRivera: Based on the record, the allegation/suggestion that the #FBI came close to investigating @realDonaldTrump as a Russian s...
RT @GOPChairwoman: Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi are not negotiating in good faith with @realDonaldTrump. Instead, Congressional Democra...
RT @GOPChairwoman: It didn't get the attention it deserved, but @realDonaldTrump recently signed a bill into law that will empower women al...
“Gas prices drop across the United States because President Trump has deregulated Energy and we are now  producing a great deal more oil than ever before.” @foxandfriends  But this is bad news for Russia, why would President Trump do such a thing? Thought he worked for Kremlin?
....Border is eventually going to be militarized and defended or the United States, as we have known it, is going to cease to exist...And Americans will not go gentle into that good night. Patrick Buchanan.  The great people of our Country demand proper Border Security NOW!
The Trump portrait of an unsustainable Border Crisis is dead on. “In the last two years, ICE officers made 266,000 arrests of aliens with Criminal Records, including those charged or convicted of 100,000 assaults, 30,000 sex crimes &amp, 4000 violent killings.” America’s Southern....
Best line in the Elizabeth Warren beer catastrophe is, to her husband, “Thank you for being here. I’m glad you’re here” It’s their house, he’s supposed to be there!
If Elizabeth Warren, often referred to by me as Pocahontas, did this commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead of her kitchen, with her husband dressed in full Indian garb, it would have been a smash! https://t.co/D5KWr8EPan
If Elizabeth Warren, often referred to by me as Pocahontas did this commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead of her kitchen, with her husband dressed in full Indian garb, it would have been a smash! https://t.co/paf1CvesBa
So sorry to hear the news about Jeff Bozo being taken down by a competitor whose reporting, I understand, is far more accurate than the reporting in his lobbyist newspaper, the Amazon Washington Post. Hopefully the paper will soon be placed in better &amp, more responsible hands!
....Likewise, do not want the Kurds to provoke Turkey. Russia, Iran and Syria have been the biggest beneficiaries of the long term U.S. policy of destroying ISIS in Syria - natural enemies. We also benefit but it is now time to bring our troops back home. Stop the ENDLESS WARS!
Starting the long overdue pullout from Syria while hitting the little remaining ISIS territorial caliphate hard, and from many directions. Will attack again from existing nearby base if it reforms. Will devastate Turkey economically if they hit Kurds. Create 20 mile safe zone....
Wish I could share with everyone the beauty and majesty of being in the White House and looking outside at the snow filled lawns and Rose Garden. Really is something - SPECIAL COUNTRY, SPECIAL PLACE!
Thousands of illegal aliens who have committed sexual crimes against children are right now in Texas prisons. Most came through our Southern Border. We can end this easily - We need a Steel Barrier or Wall. Walls Work! John Jones, Texas Department of Public Safety.  @FoxNews
The damage done to our Country from a badly broken Border - Drugs, Crime and so much that is bad - is far greater than a Shutdown, which the Dems can easily fix as soon as they come back to Washington!
I’m in the White House, waiting. The Democrats are everywhere but Washington as people await their pay. They are having fun and not even talking!
The building of the Wall on the Southern Border will bring down the crime rate throughout the entire Country!
Democrats are saying that DACA is not worth it and don’t want to include in talks. Many Hispanics will be coming over to the Republican side, watch!
I will be interviewed by Jeanine Pirro at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Watch @JesseBWatters before and @greggutfeld after. All terrific people. I am in the White House waiting for Cryin’ Chuck and Nancy to call so we can start helping our Country both at the Border and from within!
https://t.co/3IH1yW2eTg
We have a massive Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. We will be out for a long time unless the Democrats come back from their “vacations” and get back to work. I am in the White House ready to sign!
....I do have a plan on the Shutdown. But to understand that plan you would have to understand the fact that I won the election, and I promised safety and security for the American people. Part of that promise was a Wall at the Southern Border. Elections have consequences!
I just watched a Fake reporter from the Amazon Washington Post say the White House is “chaotic, there does not seem to be a strategy for this Shutdown. There is no plan.” The Fakes always like talking Chaos, there is NONE. In fact, there’s almost nobody in the W.H. but me, and...
Democrats could solve the Shutdown in 15 minutes! Call your Dem Senator or Congresswoman/man. Tell them to get it done! Humanitarian Crisis.
23% of Federal inmates are illegal immigrants. Border arrests are up 240%. In the Great State of Texas, between 2011 &amp, 2018, there were a total of 292,000 crimes by illegal aliens, 539 murders, 32,000 assaults, 3,426 sexual assaults and 3000 weapons charges. Democrats come back!
Democrats should come back to Washington and work to end the Shutdown, while at the same time ending the horrible humanitarian crisis at our Southern Border. I am in the White House waiting for you!
Lyin’ James Comey, Andrew McCabe, Peter S and his lover, agent Lisa Page, &amp, more, all disgraced and/or fired and caught in the act. These are just some of the losers that tried to do a number on your President. Part of the Witch Hunt. Remember the “insurance policy?” This is it!
I have been FAR tougher on Russia than Obama, Bush or Clinton. Maybe tougher than any other President. At the same time, &amp, as I have often said, getting along with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. I fully expect that someday we will have good relations with Russia again!
.....who is being totally protected by his best friend, Bob Mueller, &amp, the 13 Angry Democrats - leaking machines who have NO interest in going after the Real Collusion (and much more) by Crooked Hillary Clinton, her Campaign, and the Democratic National Committee. Just Watch!
....the FBI was in complete turmoil (see N.Y. Post) because of Comey’s poor leadership and the way he handled the Clinton mess (not to mention his usurpation of powers from the Justice Department). My firing of James Comey was a great day for America. He was a Crooked Cop......
...Funny thing about James Comey. Everybody wanted him fired, Republican and Democrat alike. After the rigged &amp, botched Crooked Hillary investigation, where she was interviewed on July 4th Weekend, not recorded or sworn in, and where she said she didn’t know anything (a lie),....
Wow, just learned in the Failing New York Times that the corrupt former leaders of the FBI, almost all fired or forced to leave the agency for some very bad reasons, opened up an investigation on me, for no reason &amp, with no proof, after I fired Lyin’ James Comey, a total sleaze!
.@CNN called a San Diego news station (@KUSINews) for negative reports on the Wall. When the station said that Walls work, CNN no longer had interest. #FakeNews https://t.co/IDyXqmDsPq
Drug prices declined in 2018, the first time in nearly half a century. During the first 19 months of my Administration, Americans saved $26 Billion on prescription drugs. Our policies to get cheaper generic drugs to market are working!
I look forward to hosting, right out of the great State of South Carolina, the 2019 NCAA Football Champion Clemson Tigers at the White House on Monday, January 14th. What a game, what a coach, what a team!
RT @WhiteHouse: This is common sense. Congress must pass a bill that ends the crisis at our border. https://t.co/wD0PPKfpNM
RT @WhiteHouse: This afternoon, President Trump hosted a roundtable discussion with State, local, and community leaders, who spoke on how t...
The Fake News Media keeps saying we haven’t built any NEW WALL. Below is a section just completed on the Border. Anti-climbing feature included. Very high, strong and beautiful! Also, many miles already renovated and in service! https://t.co/UAAGXl5Byr
...The Steel Barrier, or Wall, should have been built by previous administrations long ago. They never got it done - I will. Without it, our Country cannot be safe. Criminals, Gangs, Human Traffickers, Drugs &amp, so much other big trouble can easily pour in. It can be stopped cold!
Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. I just got back and it is a far worse situation than almost anyone would understand, an invasion! I have been there numerous times - The Democrats, Cryin’ Chuck and Nancy don’t know how bad and dangerous it is for our ENTIRE COUNTRY....
H1-B holders in the United States can rest assured that changes are soon coming which will bring both simplicity and certainty to your stay, including a potential path to citizenship. We want to encourage talented and highly skilled people to pursue career options in the U.S.
I often said during rallies, with little variation, that “Mexico will pay for the Wall.” We have just signed a great new Trade Deal with Mexico. It is Billions of Dollars a year better than the very bad NAFTA deal which it replaces. The difference pays for Wall many times over!
When I took the Oath of Office.... https://t.co/GDhIqteKpv
We lose 300 Americans a week, 90% of which comes through the Southern Border. These numbers will be DRASTICALLY REDUCED if we have a Wall!
Because of the Democrats intransigence on Border Security and the great importance of Safety for our Nation, I am respectfully cancelling my very important trip to Davos, Switzerland for the World Economic Forum. My warmest regards and apologies to the @WEF!
President Obama, thank you for your great support – I have been saying this all along! https://t.co/L506g9Aq4z
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Texas! #MAGA
“Great support for Border Security and the Wall.” @foxandfriends  Even greater than anyone would know! “Presidents supporters do not want him to cave.” @SteveDoocy I won’t!
There is GREAT unity with the Republicans in the House and Senate, despite the Fake News Media working in overdrive to make the story look otherwise. The Opposition Party &amp, the Dems know we must have Strong Border Security, but don’t want to give “Trump” another one of many wins!
Cryin Chuck told his favorite lie when he used his standard sound bite that I “slammed the table &amp, walked out of the room. He had a temper tantrum.” Because I knew he would say that, and after Nancy said no to proper Border Security, I politely said bye-bye and left, no slamming!
"RT @dbongino: New Poll: Vast Majority of Voters Believe There is ""Crisis"" or ""Problem"" at U.S. Border https://t.co/bzFimBid26"
RT @parscale: Just received my newest voter score tracking from my team. @realDonaldTrump has reached his highest national approval rating...
RT @charliekirk11: Governor Ron DeSantis suspends the horrible Sheriff Scott Israel who is largely responsible for the errors leading up to...
RT @charliekirk11: Did you know:At our Southern Border, in 2018:1.7 MILLION pounds of narcotics were seized17,000 criminals were arre...
RT @charliekirk11: President Trump is winning this shutdown fightDemocrats have no message, and are refusing to open government because t...
RT @charliekirk11: This is why we need a wallIllegal immigration is a serious threat to our country90% of all heroin comes across the b...
Gave an OFF THE RECORD luncheon, somewhat of a White House tradition or custom, to network anchors yesterday - and they quickly leaked the contents of the meeting. Who would believe how bad it has gotten with the mainstream media, which has gone totally bonkers!
The Mainstream Media has NEVER been more dishonest than it is now. NBC and MSNBC are going Crazy. They report stories, purposely, the exact opposite of the facts. They are truly the Opposition Party working with the Dems. May even be worse than Fake News CNN, if that is possible!
Just left a meeting with Chuck and Nancy, a total waste of time. I asked what is going to happen in 30 days if I quickly open things up, are you going to approve Border Security which includes a Wall or Steel Barrier? Nancy said, NO. I said bye-bye, nothing else works!
Thank you to all of America's brave police, deputies, sheriffs, and federal law enforcement on National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day! We love you and will always support you. https://t.co/kGL6kPmpDY
Billions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forest fires that, with proper Forest Management, would never happen. Unless they get their act together, which is unlikely, I have ordered FEMA to send no more money. It is a disgraceful situation in lives &amp, money!
Billions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forrest fires that, with proper Forrest Management, would never happen. Unless they get their act together, which is unlikely, I have ordered FEMA to send no more money. It is a disgraceful situation in lives &amp, money!
Our Country is doing so well in so many ways. Great jobs numbers, with a record setting December. We are rebuilding our military. Vets finally have Choice &amp, Accountability. Economy &amp, GDP are strong. Tax &amp, Reg cuts historic. Trade deals great. But we MUST fix our Southern Border!
Thank you for soooo many nice comments regarding my Oval Office speech. A very interesting experience!
https://t.co/Ft6FqQmYfI
Congratulations to a truly great football team, the Clemson Tigers, on an incredible win last night against a powerful Alabama team. A big win also for the Great State of South Carolina. Look forward to seeing the team, and their brilliant coach, for the second time at the W.H.
Talks with China are going very well!
“The President is the biggest and best supporter of the Steel Industry in many years. We are now doing really well. The Tariffs let us compete. Was unfair that the Steel Industry lost its jobs to unfair trade laws. Very positive outcome.” Mark Glyptis, United Steelworkers
Economic numbers looking REALLY good. Can you imagine if I had long term ZERO interest rates to play with like the past administration, rather than the rapidly raised normalized rates we have today. That would have been SO EASY! Still, markets up BIG since 2016 Election!
Endless Wars, especially those which are fought out of judgement mistakes that were made many years ago, &amp, those where we are getting little financial or military help from the rich countries that so greatly benefit from what we are doing, will eventually come to a glorious end!
I am pleased to inform you that I will Address the Nation on the Humanitarian and National Security crisis on our Southern Border. Tuesday night at 9:00 P.M. Eastern.
The Failing New York Times has knowingly written a very inaccurate story on my intentions on Syria. No different from my original statements, we will be leaving at a proper pace while at the same time continuing to fight ISIS and doing all else that is prudent and necessary!.....
Congressman Adam Smith, the new Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, just stated, “Yes, there is a provision in law that says a president can declare an emergency. It’s been done a number of times.” No doubt, but let’s get our deal done in Congress!
With all of the success that our Country is having, including the just released jobs numbers which are off the charts, the Fake News &amp, totally dishonest Media concerning me and my presidency has never been worse. Many have become crazed lunatics who have given up on the TRUTH!...
V.P. Mike Pence and group had a productive meeting with the Schumer/Pelosi representatives today. Many details of Border Security were discussed. We are now planning a Steel Barrier rather than concrete. It is both stronger &amp, less obtrusive. Good solution, and made in the U.S.A.
Our GREAT MILITARY has delivered justice for the heroes lost and wounded in the cowardly attack on the USS Cole. We have just killed the leader of that attack, Jamal al-Badawi. Our work against al Qaeda continues. We will never stop in our fight against Radical Islamic Terrorism!
Excited to see our friends in Egypt opening the biggest Cathedral in the Middle East. President El-Sisi is moving his country to a more inclusive future!
RT @realDonaldTrump: How do you impeach a president who has won perhaps the greatest election of all time, done nothing wrong (no Collusion...
RT @realDonaldTrump: As I have stated many times, if the Democrats take over the House or Senate, there will be disruption to the Financial...
....The only reason they do not want to build a Wall is that Walls Work! 99% of our illegal Border crossings will end, crime in our Country will go way down and we will save billions of dollars a year! A properly planned and constructed Wall will pay for itself many times a year!
“We simply cannot allow people to pour into the United States undetected, undocumented, unchecked...” Barrack Obama, 2005. I voted, when I was a Senator, to build a barrier to try to prevent illegal immigrants from coming in...” Hillary Clinton, 2015.
AP-NORC POLL: “Immigration among the top concerns in 2019.” People want to stop drugs and criminals at the Border. Want Border Security! Tell the Dems to do the inevitable now, rather than later. The wait is costly and dangerous!
“The number of employed Americans has now set a 14th record under President Trump. Over the year, average hourly earnings have increased by 84 cents, or 3.2%. Participation Rate hits Trump-Era High.” CNS NEWS.  And we will do even better with new trade deals and all else!
“Jobs up big, plus 312,000. Record number working. Manufacturing best in 20 years (Previous administration said this could not happen). Hispanic unemployment lowest ever. Dow plus 747 (for day).” @DRUDGE_REPORT
V.P. Mike Pence and team just left the White House. Briefed me on their meeting with the Schumer/Pelosi representatives. Not much headway made today. Second meeting set for tomorrow. After so many decades, must finally and permanently fix the problems on the Southern Border!
Drug makers and companies are not living up to their commitments on pricing. Not being fair to the consumer, or to our Country!
“Former @NYTimes editor Jill Abramson rips paper's ‘unmistakably anti-Trump’ bias.”Ms. Abramson is 100% correct. Horrible and totally dishonest reporting on almost everything they write. Hence the term Fake News, Enemy of the People, and Opposition Party!
Great Tweet today by Tyler Q. Houlton @SpoxDHS on the #FakeNews being put out by @CNN, a proud member of the Opposition Party. @TSA is doing a great job!
The Democrats want Billions of Dollars for Foreign Aid, but they don’t want to spend a small fraction of that number on properly securing our Border. Figure that one out!
We are working hard at the Border, but we need a WALL!  In 2018, 1.7 million pounds of narcotics seized, 17,000 adults arrested with criminal records, and 6000 gang members, including MS-13, apprehended. A big Human Trafficking problem.
I don’t care that most of the workers not getting paid are Democrats, I want to stop the Shutdown as soon as we are in agreement on Strong Border Security! I am in the White House ready to go, where are the Dems?
Many people currently a part of my opposition, including President Obama &amp, the Dems, have had campaign violations, in some cases for very large sums of money. These are civil cases. They paid a fine &amp, settled. While no big deal, I did not commit a campaign violation!
The Democrats could solve the Shutdown problem in a very short period of time. All they have to do is approve REAL Border Security (including a Wall), something which everyone, other than drug dealers, human traffickers and criminals, want very badly! This would be so easy to do!
Great support coming from all sides for Border Security (including Wall) on our very dangerous Southern Border. Teams negotiating this weekend! Washington Post and NBC reporting of events, including Fake sources, has been very inaccurate (to put it mildly)!
Thank you to Kanye West for your nice words. Criminal Justice Reform is now law - passed in a very bipartisan way!
Great new book by Dr. Robert Jeffress, “Choosing the Extraordinary Life.” Get it and enjoy!  @LouDobbs
The story in the New York Times regarding Jim Webb being considered as the next Secretary of Defense is FAKE NEWS. I’m sure he is a fine man, but I don’t know Jim, and never met him. Patrick Shanahan, who is Acting Secretary of Defense, is doing a great job!
GREAT JOBS NUMBERS JUST ANNOUNCED!
How do you impeach a president who has won perhaps the greatest election of all time, done nothing wrong (no Collusion with Russia, it was the Dems that Colluded), had the most successful first two years of any president, and is the most popular Republican in party history 93%?
As I have stated many times, if the Democrats take over the House or Senate, there will be disruption to the Financial Markets. We won the Senate, they won the House. Things will settle down. They only want to impeach me because they know they can’t win in 2020, too much success!
....President Trump deserves a lot of credit, but again, you have the anti-Trump people who are not going to give him a lot of credit.”
Michael Pillsbury interviewed by @cvpayne: “They have the motive of making the President look bad – instead of President Trump being portrayed as a HERO. The first President to take China on, it’s 20 years overdue....
https://t.co/jsOrDtwdEa
The RNC has a great Chairwoman in Ronna McDaniel and the @GOP has never been stronger. We achieved historic wins with her help last year! #MAGA🇺🇸
https://t.co/JzfXMAPwKP
The United States Treasury has taken in MANY billions of dollars from the Tariffs we are charging China and other countries that have not treated us fairly. In the meantime we are doing well in various Trade Negotiations currently going on. At some point this had to be done!
The Shutdown is only because of the 2020 Presidential Election. The Democrats know they can’t win based on all of the achievements of “Trump,” so they are going all out on the desperately needed Wall and Border Security - and Presidential Harassment. For them, strictly politics!
“MAGA list: 205 ‘historic results’ help Trump make case for 2020 re-election” https://t.co/vtqnUwdhjB
Sadly, there can be no REAL Border Security without the Wall!
...I remain ready and willing to work with Democrats to pass a bill that secures our borders, supports the agents and officers on the ground, and keeps America Safe. Let’s get it done!
Important meeting today on Border Security with Republican and Democrat Leaders in Congress. Both parties must work together to pass a Funding Bill that protects this Nation and its people – this is the first and most important duty of government...
Mexico is paying for the Wall through the new USMCA Trade Deal. Much of the Wall has already been fully renovated or built. We have done a lot of work. $5.6 Billion Dollars that House has approved is very little in comparison to the benefits of National Security. Quick payback!
Here we go with Mitt Romney, but so fast! Question will be, is he a Flake?  I hope not. Would much prefer that Mitt focus on Border Security and so many other things where he can be helpful. I won big, and he didn’t. He should be happy for all Republicans. Be a TEAM player &amp, WIN!
For FAR TOO LONG Senate Democrats have been Obstructing more than 350 Nominations. These great Americans left their jobs to serve our Country, but can’t because Dems are blocking them, some for two years-historic record. Passed committees, but Schumer putting them on hold. Bad!
Do you think it’s just luck that gas prices are so low, and falling? Low gas prices are like another Tax Cut!
“Kim Jong Un says North Korea will not make or test nuclear weapons, or give them to others - &amp, he is ready to meet President Trump anytime.” PBS News Hour. I also look forward to meeting with Chairman Kim who realizes so well that North Korea possesses great economic potential!
Washington Examiner - “MAGA list: 205 ‘historic results’ help Trump make case for 2020 re-election.”  True!
Gas prices are low and expected to go down this year. This would be good!
Border Security and the Wall “thing” and Shutdown is not where Nancy Pelosi wanted to start her tenure as Speaker! Let’s make a deal?
Congratulations to President @JairBolsonaro who just made a great inauguration speech - the U.S.A. is with you!
One thing has now been proven. The Democrats do not care about Open Borders and all of the crime and drugs that Open Borders bring!
“General” McChrystal got fired like a dog by Obama. Last assignment a total bust. Known for big, dumb mouth. Hillary lover! https://t.co/RzOkeHl3KV
RT @realDonaldTrump: ....Senator Schumer, more than a year longer than any other Administration in history. These are people who have been...
RT @realDonaldTrump: Heads of countries are calling wanting to know why Senator Schumer is not approving their otherwise approved Ambassado...
RT @GOPChairwoman: .@realDonaldTrump made sure the men and women of the Coast Guard continue to get paid during the #SchumerShutdown. Mea...
RT @GOPChairwoman: Jobless claims fell last week to a 49-year low. Yet another sign that @realDonaldTrump’s economic policies are working a...
The Democrats, much as I suspected, have allocated no money for a new Wall. So imaginative! The problem is, without a Wall there can be no real Border Security - and our Country must finally have a Strong and Secure Southern Border!
Happy New Year!
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO EVERYONE, INCLUDING THE HATERS AND THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA! 2019 WILL BE A FANTASTIC YEAR FOR THOSE NOT SUFFERING FROM TRUMP DERANGEMENT SYNDROME. JUST CALM DOWN AND ENJOY THE RIDE, GREAT THINGS ARE HAPPENING FOR OUR COUNTRY!
Dr. Sebastian Gorka, a very good and talented guy, has a great new book just out, “Why We Fight.” Lots of insight - Enjoy!
RT @WhiteHouse: 2018 has been a year of historic accomplishments! https://t.co/6Iq5CFVdwY
...Remember this. Throughout the ages some things NEVER get better and NEVER change. You have Walls and you have Wheels. It was ALWAYS that way and it will ALWAYS be that way! Please explain to the Democrats that there can NEVER be a replacement for a good old fashioned WALL!
The Democrats will probably submit a Bill, being cute as always, which gives everything away but gives NOTHING to Border Security, namely the Wall. You see, without the Wall there can be no Border Security - the Tech “stuff” is just, by comparison, meaningless bells &amp, whistles...
MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE WALL through the many billions of dollars a year that the U.S.A. is saving through the new Trade Deal, the USMCA, that will replace the horrendous NAFTA Trade Deal, which has so badly hurt our Country. Mexico &amp, Canada will also thrive - good for all!
STOCK MARKET AT ALL-TIME HIGH! HOW ARE YOUR 409K’S DOING? 70%, 80%, 90% up? Only 50% up! What are you doing wrong?
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: President Trump, unlike President Obama, will hold you accountable for threats against Americans and hit you where it...
RT @marcorubio: Worth repeating. The testimony &amp, evidence considered in a Senate impeachment trial should be the same testimony &amp, evidenc...
Iran is talking very boldly about targeting certain USA assets as revenge for our ridding the world of their terrorist leader who had just killed an American, &amp, badly wounded many others, not to mention all of the people he had killed over his lifetime, including recently....
....followed, and then it was withdrawn. The Democrats argument for impeachment has not gotten stronger over the last few weeks. As Senator Josh Hawley just said, he’s going to enter a Motion to Dismiss the Impeachment Trial because it’s never actually been brought to trial.”
....different places that he thought were wasteful, and the career staff, as they always do, pushed back, and nade s million excuses as to why they could not possibly stop spending U.S.taxpayer money. There was a back &amp, forth over the legal arguments, &amp, the W.H. decision was....q
Christopher Bedford, The Federalist Senior Editor. “There is NOTHING NEW in these Emails at all that’s been discovered. It’s exactly what we knew before, which is that the White House &amp, political figures wanted to cut off aid, Trump wanted to question aid to a number of....
As hard as I work, &amp, as successful as our Country has become with our Economy, our Military &amp, everything else, it is ashame that the Democrats make us spend so much time &amp, money on this ridiculous Impeachment Lite Hoax. I should be able to devote all of my time to the REAL USA!
95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
RT @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/VXeKiVzpTf
https://t.co/qOi7mpKcHY
RT @WhiteHouse: A statement from President @realDonaldTrump: https://t.co/Jfy4GCLdif
....followed, and then it was withdrawn. The Democrats argument for impeachment has not gotten stronger over the last few weeks. As Senator Josh Hawley just said, he’s going to enter a Motion to Dismiss the Impeachment Trial because it’s never actually been brought to trial.”
....different places that he thought were wasteful, and the career staff, as they always do, pushed back, and made a million excuses as to why they could not possibly stop spending U.S. taxpayer money. There was a back &amp, forth over the legal arguments, &amp, the W.H. decision was....
Iran never won a war, but never lost a negotiation!
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: Very proud of President @realDonaldTrump acting decisively in the face of threats to our embassy in Baghdad. He has...
"RT @dcexaminer: ""He has put the world on notice - there will be no Benghazis on his watch."" @LindseyGrahamSC praises @realDonaldTrump for..."
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: Just had a very good meeting with President @realDonaldTrump and his team regarding the situation in Iraq.President...
Thank you to the @dcexaminer Washington Examiner. The list is growing every day! https://t.co/jAOZ0CPYO4
One of my greatest honors was to have gotten CHOICE approved for our great Veterans. Others have tried for decades, and failed! https://t.co/NcVbbnrT5O
RT @heatherjones333: MAGNIFICENT TRUMP- KEEPING HIS PROMISES  🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸BREAKING: President Trump Announces He Will Sign Phase One in China...
RT @heatherjones333: 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥Lindsey Graham: Trump Has World on Notice, ‘There Will Be No Benghazis on His Watch’ https://t.co/4yfHKlZlV9
RT @heatherjones333: Congratulations Sleepy Joe! You just won Stupid Person of 2019 Award! 🏆Joe Biden: ‘We’re All Dead’ if We Don’t Stop...
RT @heatherjones333: DEAR STUPID PEOPLE- PEACE IS A GOOD THINGPutin Calls Trump To Thank Him For Helping Russia Thwart Terrorist Attack h...
RT @heatherjones333: 'We Have Taken Appropriate Force Protection Actions to Ensure Safety of Americans' - AH-64 Apaches Protect US Embassy...
RT @RandPaul: I don’t know why @JoeBiden thinks he can continue to lie about this. 

He wants to ban fracking and end all fossil fuels like…
RT @EliseStefanik: President @realDonaldTrump excels at communicating directly to the American people. 

Joe Biden communicates to the DC B…
RT @TeamTrump: LIVE: Presidential Debate #Debates2020

Text VOTE to 88022 https://t.co/UeQOquVxR2
Just signed an order to support the workers of Delphi Corporation and make sure that we protect the pensions of all American workers! Obama-Biden FAILED American workers and FAILED the workers of Delphi. I ALWAYS put American workers FIRST!
Suburban women want Safety &amp; Security. Joe Biden cannot give that to anyone! https://t.co/NWSZ5tGz5E
The holidays are a time to be thankful for our blessings. Let's rejoice in this season &amp; look forward with renewed hope &amp; determination. -H
I was greeted by this heartwarming display on the corner of my street today. Thank you to all of you who did this. Happy Thanksgiving. -H https://t.co/b69mW3Oqbf
Hoping everyone has a safe &amp; Happy Thanksgiving today, &amp; quality time with family &amp; friends. -H
Looking forward to honoring some brave young people tonight at @ChildDefender where I started my career. Tune in: https://t.co/4gmaM2A9Dx -H
Scripture tells us: Let us not grow weary in doing good, for in due season, we shall reap, if we do not lose heart. https://t.co/snXfdLgZq8
“Let us have faith in each other. Let us not grow weary. Let us not lose heart. For there are more seasons to come and...more work to do.”
“We are stronger together and will go forward together. And you should never, ever regret fighting for that.” —Hillary
“I am grateful to our country for all it has given me. I count my blessings every day that I am an American.” —Hillary
"To all the little girls watching...never doubt that you are valuable and powerful &amp; deserving of every chance &amp; opportunity in the world."
"We have still have not shattered that highest and hardest glass ceiling. But some day, someone will." —Hillary
"To all the women...who put their faith in this campaign and in me...nothing has made me prouder than to be your champion." —Hillary
"This loss hurts. But please never stop believing that fighting for what’s right is worth it." —Hillary
"To Bill, Chelsea, Marc, Charlotte, Aidan, our brothers, and our entire family—my love for you means more than I can ever express." —Hillary
"To Barack and Michelle Obama, our country owes you an enormous debt of gratitude. We thank you for your graceful, determined leadership.”
"I want to thank Tim Kaine and Anne Holton for being our partners on this journey." —Hillary
"Our responsibility as citizens is to keep doing our part to build that better, stronger, fairer America we seek. And I know you will.”
"Our constitutional democracy demands our participation, not just every four years, but all the time." —Hillary
“Donald Trump is going to be our president. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead.” —Hillary
"We have seen that our nation is more deeply divided than we thought. But I still believe in America—and I always will." —Hillary
"I want you to remember this: Our campaign was never about one person or even one election. It was about the country we love.” —Hillary
“You represent the best of America, and being your candidate has been one of the greatest honors of my life.” —Hillary to @HFA
"This is not the outcome we wanted. I’m sorry we did not win this election for the values we share and the vision we hold for our country."
“I hope that he will be a successful president for all Americans.” —Hillary on Donald Trump
“Last night I congratulated Donald Trump and offered to work with him on behalf of our country.” —Hillary
Watch Hillary deliver remarks on the election from New York City: https://t.co/MTRLzjN42x
This team has so much to be proud of. Whatever happens tonight, thank you for everything. https://t.co/x13iWOzILL
RT @timkaine: Thinking about my daughter right now. No little girl will ever again have to wonder whether she, too, can be president. https…
RT @HillaryforNC: If you haven't voted, NC, @POTUS needs you to get in line. As long as you're in line when polls close, you can vote. http…
Remember, if you are in line before polls close, you can vote! Have a question? Call 1-917-444-5915. https://t.co/2MVKOatmvy
Election Day is almost over. Don’t wait—go vote now! 
Confirm where you vote at https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/IvyE2hJFEU
RT @RobbyMook: Strong Dem Broward + Orange Counties, FL surpassed total 2012 turnout as of 4pm. Amazing work, @HillaryforFL volunteers! #GO…
Our neighbors in battleground states need your help. Make calls to remind Hillary supporters to go vote: https://t.co/Iyboc4TNeA
Today's the day when we show how much stronger we are together. Once you’ve voted, sign up for a volunteer shift: https://t.co/KUIKH9W2ct
It's going to be close, and we need you on this team. Confirm where to vote today: https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s
If you’ve already voted, jump on the phone and remind voters in key battleground states to go vote: https://t.co/Iyboc4TNeA https://t.co/az0v18giTx
RT @VP: Today is Election Day in America. It’s time to get out and vote. https://t.co/a0MJUF4QIy
Today, let's show the world that love will always trump hate. https://t.co/jfd3CXu1CS https://t.co/a7FXGtAfiG
RT @aliciakeys: This morning, I woke up feeling hopeful for the power of our voice, for unity, for our continued progress. #VoteLove #ImWit…
How do we go high? 

We vote: https://t.co/jfd3CXu1CS https://t.co/rx5OWheuBd
Already voted? That's great! Now help Hillary win by signing up to make calls now: https://t.co/2yc00omuvC
RT @JeanneShaheen: We just voted to elect the 1st woman to be our President. Let me tell you, it feels amazing! #nhpolitics https://t.co/iK…
RT @elizabethforma: This morning I proudly cast my vote for @HillaryClinton to be the next President of the United States. #ImWithHer https…
RT @POTUS: Today, progress is on the ballot. Go vote - then make sure your friends, your family, and everyone you know votes too.
RT @EricaSmegs: Don't worry, Mom, I'll remember to vote today even though ur not here to remind me. Love you. This one is for you. https://…
Happy Election Day! https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/IfOBRuvQzJ
Today's the day when we show how much stronger we are together. Once you’ve voted, sign up for a volunteer shift: https://t.co/KUIKH9W2ct https://t.co/zDlXKBFDGL
RT @ChelseaClinton: Couldn’t be more proud of my mom &amp; the campaign she's run. Let’s bring it home for her today. https://t.co/Mw1JC5L9rj
RT @repjohnlewis: The right to vote is precious, almost sacred. It is the most powerful nonviolent tool or instrument we have in a democrat…
RT @JeremyShorr: She once told me girls couldn't be #astronauts or #presidents. Showed her #SallyRide. Hope to show her @HillaryClinton tom…
Everything we’ve worked toward comes down to today. RT this if you're voting for Hillary: https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/AhvOOB6L6C
RT @timkaine: I wanted to be first at my polling place, but 99-year-old Minerva Turpin beat me to it. Looks like I need to get used to bein…
Let’s go make some history today. https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/IbRcWWun7J
RT @TheDemocrats: Let us bend the arc of history toward justice once more. https://t.co/JjkvA5ZKTj
RT @johnlegend: Donald Trump is unfit for the office of president. Fortunately, there's an exceptionally qualified candidate @HillaryClinto…
It's Election Day! Millions of Americans have cast their votes for Hillary—join them and confirm where you vote: https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s
Don't stand still. Vote today: https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s #ElectionDay #MannequinChallenge https://t.co/4KAv2zu0rd
It’s Election Day and polls are officially open. When will you vote today? Confirm where to go here: https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/3yZvIbqzdj
There's no such thing as a vote that doesn't count. Today, you can make the difference.

RT this—and go vote! https://t.co/tTgeqxNqYm https://t.co/iTPel14CtU
In America, we build bridges, not walls.
Let’s go out and prove that love trumps hate.
https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/VTl1jexKON
"If you believe we should never write discrimination into our laws...you’ve got to vote!” —Hillary https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s
"If you believe in science and that we have to act on climate change, then you have to vote!" —Hillary https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s
"It’s not just my name or Donald Trump’s name on the ballot—it’s the kind of country we want.” —Hillary https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s
“You can vote for a hopeful, inclusive, big-hearted vision for America.” —Hillary https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/JJcIfaLSSf
“I believe that she will win!
I believe that she will win!” https://t.co/DhNoz11ARV
"I am so excited that I finally get to vote for my mom in a few hours.” —@ChelseaClinton https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s
RT @rubycramer: Final rally of the Hillary Clinton campaign in Raleigh, N.C., and it's officially Tuesday, Nov. 8. https://t.co/EhOKHvnHtA
Join Hillary for her last rally of the campaign in Raleigh, North Carolina: https://t.co/a6K9DWYY3e
Stronger together. https://t.co/9TkaJrjW0a
"If you believe that racism and sexism and bigotry have no place in our country...you need to vote." https://t.co/nIOvu5x85c
RT @RobbyMook: We've broken early vote records across the country. Tomorrow, history is up to you, @HFA volunteers! #GOTVforHRC https://t.c…
27 million Latinos are eligible to vote this year.

Millions have already voted.

Ready to join them? https://t.co/jfd3CXu1CS https://t.co/IxkmR36MhL
“Let’s make history!” —Hillary https://t.co/33JmMKRfR4
“We need your help, knocking on doors and making phone calls, helping to turn people out.” —Hillary https://t.co/iWKBOE1i18
"I am not going to let anybody rip up the progress that we’ve made.” —Hillary https://t.co/8wuWIUfBst
"Tomorrow, we face the test of our time. What will we vote for?” —Hillary https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/6qcgsS0qjp
"We don’t want to shrink the vision of this country. We want to keep expanding it.” —Hillary
"I believe with all my heart that our best days are still ahead of us, if we reach for them together.” —Hillary in Philly
"I am betting that tomorrow, you will reject fear, and you'll choose hope.” —@POTUS
"I’m betting that young people turn out to vote because your future is at stake.” —@POTUS
RT @CNN: President Obama: "We now have the chance to elect a 45th president who will build on our progress" https://t.co/naPsHB84G4
“Don’t boo, vote!” —@POTUS https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/LPGUUEty3E
“You don’t just have to vote against someone, you have somebody extraordinary to vote for.” —@POTUS https://t.co/o70dVreNPB
"If his closest advisors don’t trust him to tweet, why would any of us trust him with the nuclear codes?” —@POTUS on Trump
"Tomorrow...the choice you face when you step into that voting booth could not be more clear and could not be more serious.” —@POTUS
"We have a chance to elect a 45th president who will build on our progress, who will finish the job.” —@POTUS
“Hello Philadelphia! Are you fired up? Are you ready to go?” —@POTUS https://t.co/m3diE0KsAY
"Tomorrow, with your vote, you can say that this country has always been great, that it is the greatest nation on earth.” —@FLOTUS
“Tomorrow, with your vote, you can stand up to those who seek to divide us and make us afraid.” —@FLOTUS #ImVotingBecause
“This election is on us; it is in our hands. If we get out and vote tomorrow, Hillary Clinton will win.” —@FLOTUS https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s
“We have a duty to ensure that this country is handed over to a leader that we all can trust.” —@FLOTUS on Hillary
“When the going gets tough, Hillary is the person we want on our side because she never gives up. She never quits.” —@FLOTUS
“Tomorrow, we have the chance to elect someone who is singularly qualified to be our president—our friend, Hillary Clinton.” —@FLOTUS https://t.co/N5MdizSSKf
“No matter what came along, no matter what they hit her with … no matter what happened, she said, ‘We’re stronger together.’” —@BillClinton
You don’t want to miss this one: Join Hillary, @POTUS, @FLOTUS, @BillClinton, and @ChelseaClinton live in Philly. https://t.co/UUuA1bxeIv
"Hillary is the role model Michelle and I want for our daughters and for kids across the country." —@POTUS https://t.co/AnLw4t3349
RT @JoshSchwerin: Philly is out in full force tonight https://t.co/k9pl43izHZ
Tomorrow, we have the chance to stand up for the America we believe in. RT this if you're voting. https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/Wb7iYnjxdW
Yesterday, Khizr Khan told the story of a 10-year-old boy who was bullied at school—until his class watched Mr. Khan's speech. https://t.co/p0l4L2tj2S
Women can stop Trump.

Here's how: https://t.co/jfd3CXu1CS https://t.co/f28w22yOXq
"If your closest advisors don’t trust you to tweet, how can we trust you with the nuclear codes?” —@POTUS on Trump
RT @CNN: Hillary Clinton: "This election is basically between division and unity in our country." https://t.co/nfLKayaIwh https://t.co/kdD6…
"I want to be a president for all Americans: Democrats, Republicans, Independents. Not just people who support me, but everyone.” —Hillary
"Public colleges and universities should be tuition-free for anyone who makes less than $125,000 a year.” —Hillary https://t.co/axHVelhvXh
"If you work hard, and you work full-time, you shouldn’t still be in poverty at the end of the year.” —Hillary
"Every single one of us has something to contribute to this great country.” —Hillary https://t.co/hCBaY6ZHYo
"I really believe that America’s best days are still ahead of us if we reach for them together!” —Hillary https://t.co/jfd3CXLD1s https://t.co/wuuQj9NrZY
Trump's own @DHSgov confirmed this weekend that the ban doesn't enhance security.
But it foments fear &amp; resentment.
https://t.co/jbzGFBsKnF
With threats &amp; hate crimes on rise, we shouldn't have to tell @POTUS to do his part. He must step up &amp; speak out.
https://t.co/QKKyXyuqNM
Congrats to @DNC chair @TomPerez &amp; deputy @keithellison. Excited for strong, unified party standing for best of our country into the future.
Let resistance plus persistence equal progress…here was my message to Democrats today.
https://t.co/7HpG7dDF6H
If you can't stand the heat, get out of the...Congress.
https://t.co/TEAXDPEPrt
JCC threats, cemetery desecration &amp; online attacks are so troubling &amp; they need to be stopped. Everyone must speak out, starting w/ @POTUS.
If you're studying global health, or just want to feed your inner wonk, check out my wonderful daughter &amp; @devisridhar's new book. https://t.co/ujIK4OAR2J
Thanks to Isolde Fair &amp; her classmates for this inspiring song. I'm with YOU. ??????✨
Watch: https://t.co/3Gt7IbcAMn
Philippe's got his own way of saying things, but he has a point about the real consequences of fake news... https://t.co/a02sXiaHfp
3-0
"She was warned. She was given an explanation. Nevertheless, she persisted."

So must we all.

https://t.co/JXROGHPNkH
I'm one of 100 million #SuperBowl fans that just went #Gaga for the Lady, &amp; her message to all of us. https://t.co/8AoNqjwr1b
At 103, Ruline Steininger had an energy &amp; vibrancy all should aspire to. My thoughts &amp; prayers are w/ her family.
https://t.co/LQ1qozY3NH
What I'm thinking about today:

Khizr Khan:
https://t.co/wrHK7IkBrG

And a vet who fought with those now excluded:
https://t.co/4LhNIT8xVo
I stand with the people gathered across the country tonight defending our values &amp; our Constitution. This is not who we are.
.@MichaelNutter got a lot of great points into 140 characters here. We have to keep the momentum. https://t.co/Bd66lBPMEs
Scrolling through images of the #womensmarch is awe-inspiring. Hope it brought joy to others as it did to me.
https://t.co/29oaMvk3hU
I stand w/ Nora Harren, a 17-year  from Boise, ID, &amp; every person marching for our values today. Onward! ✊✊??✊??✨ #WomensMarch https://t.co/02lOuXRHuz
'Hope Not Fear'
Indeed. 
And what a beautiful piece by Louisa Cannell. 
#womensmarch ??????????????✨ https://t.co/7h3Bzx79nB
Thanks for standing, speaking &amp; marching for our values @womensmarch. Important as ever. I truly believe we're always Stronger Together.
I'm here today to honor our democracy &amp; its enduring values. I will never stop believing in our country &amp; its future. #Inauguration
Indeed. Bill &amp; I have you in our thoughts &amp; look forward to you both being back on your feet soon, wild socks &amp; all. -H https://t.co/uCn9nfNNxT
Delighted that @NYGovCuomo proposed free college for ppl making &lt;125K in NY. A plan @SenSanders &amp; I worked hard on. https://t.co/V0aXjhxKpm